# KnownMetadataAttribute Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e49bbf2e-dc14-223c-cac9-cbf19eacefb4">IsArchiveType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with archive or media image metadata (e.g., 7Z, ZIP, RAR, etc).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6bc017c7-0c74-a9f8-5a0f-aafbd6e9012c">IsDocumentStoreType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with a document store metadata (e.g., Domino DXL document database (.xml)).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64827aeb-0f30-4c52-f2aa-aaefc95a9c76">IsEmailType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with email metadata (e.g., Microsoft Outlook, MIME, DXL, iCalendar, etc).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc83b786-70b1-23ce-f890-8b9e25457295">IsHtmlType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with HTML metadata.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aafd9f13-3751-5cae-0225-4691c9ae3766">IsImageType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with image metadata (e.g., JPG, PNG, GIF, TIFF, etc).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7aaca62d-8f72-5a53-f415-f3c9ed5e28e8">IsMailStoreType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with mail store metadata (e.g., PST, OST, MBOX, etc).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d77ebee4-e75d-b294-3f80-256a5e39aa6d">IsMessagingStoreType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with messaging store metadata (e.g., Slack export, WhatsApp export, etc).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e2a16b8-02eb-8229-d1d9-ed465dd399f0">IsMessagingType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with messaging metadata (e.g., Microsoft Teams/Skype, Slack, etc).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f2f79ea4-e7b4-6de4-2389-b3bb7e8de761">IsMultiMediaType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with multimedia metadata (e.g., music and video formats).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f434c5f4-dd3b-0707-71e6-c9be8d6fd016">IsOfficeType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with common office document metadata (e.g., Microsoft Office, Libre/Apache Office, PDF, etc).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f2c3f5c5-151f-17d7-1f7e-40257d69275a">IsOther</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this metadata field is associated with a format that does not belong to a known format classification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="12196c4f-60be-9dca-5431-2cc232445a7b">IsReserved</a></td>
<td>RESERVED metadata field.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TypeId</td>
<td>When implemented in a derived class, gets a unique identifier for this Attribute.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="33dc8cc2-7c38-84f2-ccb5-67df92ad903c">KnownMetadataAttribute Class</a>  
<a href="520b27cc-9ac9-4549-2981-558ed96ae428">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Metadata Namespace</a>  
