# TimeZoneAndEmailSettings Class


Settings for document collection time zone and related extracted DateTime metadata and email extracted text DateTime display.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
[KnownTypeAttribute(typeof(MapiPropertyRequest))]
[KnownTypeAttribute(typeof(MapiNamedPropertyRequest))]
[KnownTypeAttribute(typeof(TimeZoneInfo))]
[KnownTypeAttribute(typeof(TimeZoneInfo.AdjustmentRule))]
[KnownTypeAttribute(typeof(TimeZoneInfo.TransitionTime))]
[KnownTypeAttribute(typeof(DayOfWeek))]
public class TimeZoneAndEmailSettings
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TimeZoneAndEmailSettings</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="21f53966-ab3c-7e9a-ddee-1b8f16097b74">TimeZoneAndEmailSettings</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbca5da0-c370-7b30-f908-925116c3c7a5">ApplyTimeZoneToMetadata</a></td>
<td>Determines if <a href="8f7e66ca-b956-64c6-5813-3cc7dbc5671e">CollectionTimeZone</a> is applied to extracted DateTime metadata with Kind equal to Unspecified.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f7e66ca-b956-64c6-5813-3cc7dbc5671e">CollectionTimeZone</a></td>
<td>Determines the time zone of a document collection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1639c84-0f87-9b26-6cc4-7f9e40abc615">DisplayEmailRecipientNameAndSmtp</a></td>
<td>For email types, if true, the SMTP email address (if known) is also included in the extracted text for each recipient (e.g., "DisplayName &lt; SMTP Address &gt;").</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0dbf1b8d-221f-78db-1936-4df983e47691">EmailDateTimeFormat</a></td>
<td>Determines the extracted text format of email sent date, appointment start/end dates, task dates, and journal dates.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aee60e9c-7174-402d-9c4a-4e13f0531a78">ExtractAllKnownOutlookMAPIProperties</a></td>
<td>If true, all known MAPI properties are extracted from Outlook message files (.msg). If false, a focused subset of the most common and useful properties are extracted from Outlook message files. The default value is false.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa8e5b9e-4555-8c14-93b4-cf556e2dcdb3">ShowUtcOffsetForTime</a></td>
<td>If true, extracted text date/times for emails, appointments, tasks, journal objects, etc., are outputted with UTC offset.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd533644-3ade-cf4e-62ff-55486b7465fa">UserMapiPropertyRequests</a></td>
<td>User list of Outlook MAPI properties and named properties to request for extraction from Microsoft Outlook email formats as metadata.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="826b9b17-6293-037f-4edb-5eaef58de187">GetSystemTimeZoneIdentifiers</a></td>
<td>Gets a list of all local system time zone identifiers.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
