# IArchiveExtractor Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose</td>
<td>Performs application-defined tasks associated with freeing, releasing, or resetting unmanaged resources.<br />(Inherited from IDisposable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1fbb1f20-0cfe-881a-5b6c-7a23cf8bccd9">ExtractContent(String)</a></td>
<td>Extracts archive metadata and item information, if available, from non-split supported archive and media image formats.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1be2eb41-5844-4b52-7ad7-f7b82b466c70">ExtractContent(Stream[], String[], String)</a></td>
<td>Extracts archive metadata and item information, if available, from supported split (multi-file) archive or media image formats.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfe60b4a-d6db-4da3-a602-be7d4d8d11b6">ExtractItem</a></td>
<td>Extracts the archive file item to the specified stream. This method is for non-solid archives. See remarks.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6f285a5-6031-1242-10f2-3ce1f0c323d9">ExtractSolidBlockItems</a></td>
<td>Extracts archive items from a solid block compressed archive (<a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a> is true).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="368982df-91a8-7922-3952-56aa6f6da506">GetSplitSegmentStreamsInOrder</a></td>
<td>Helper method to get all split (multi-file) archive or media image segment (volume) streams and filenames in proper order using filename pattern matching.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="522af67b-0b37-29ef-5d38-dfe28c21a81f">OverrideContentExtractionSettings</a></td>
<td>Allows for overriding the <a href="b65f5ca9-d476-8b01-b6d2-c47f988ba0a2">ContentExtractionSettings</a> object used by a IContentExtractor instance that was returned by a call to OpenDiscoverSDK.ContentExtractorFactory.GetContentExtractor. See remarks for limitations.<br />(Inherited from <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="99e7c745-df9e-0b64-4aab-c0967e5dbf7a">TestItem</a></td>
<td>Tests the true expansion size of an archive item without expanding all of the item's data into memory or to file system.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d278163-ff09-ed93-1ee4-8b01df7a6143">TestSolidBlockItems</a></td>
<td>Tests the true expansion size of all solid block archive items without expanding the item data into memory or to file system.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="9d2fb8da-9eff-b1d9-e027-a4b2d24993e8">IArchiveExtractor Interface</a>  
<a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors Namespace</a>  
