# JoinedMimeMessage Class


Represents a joined (complete) MIME message that was produced by joining all MIME message partial parts.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79f11d04-c275-b915-db5b-ab2227989555">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Content</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class JoinedMimeMessage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  JoinedMimeMessage</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks

A MIME partial message (having "message/partial" MIME-type) will have document format Id of <a href="6f1047fb-7367-c09c-5621-ae7632c8404b">

MimeEmailPartial</a>. The "message/partial" MIME-type is used to split large MIME messages into multiple separate MIME messages. A message can be split into parts, for example, if an SMTP server has a limit on the maximum message size that it will accept, and that message exceeds that maximum size.

See <a href="26ddae7e-c5c1-66ee-679f-951ef5ae2cd6">IsMimePartialMessage</a>, <a href="8cdfad37-dc5f-6815-d5d9-9b6e26f9266a">MimePartialMessageId</a>, and <a href="04ffc65a-98d4-0f7f-1512-b0c65a7d7aa2">MimePartialMessagePartNumber</a> for further discussion of MIME partial messages.


## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9842d0d2-63d9-f748-cdfa-7a2d824f7f2a">JoinedMimeMessage</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the JoinedMimeMessage class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4f5fc21-4087-364c-9138-0841b63766d6">ErrorMessage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets an error message associated with <a href="feb64f7f-727e-93ef-7771-1731bcf45b92">Result</a>. This property is only set when Result is not set to <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">Ok</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d525c175-f760-3964-d5b5-6966384f309a">Message</a></td>
<td>If <a href="feb64f7f-727e-93ef-7771-1731bcf45b92">Result</a> value is <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">Ok</a>, then this property will contain the joined MIME message as a byte array. The user can save the joined message byte array to disk and/or wrap it in a MemoryStream and then identify it and then content extract it via the content extractor factory.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="feb64f7f-727e-93ef-7771-1731bcf45b92">Result</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the result of MIME partial messages join operation. Check this value to see if the join operation was successful. If successful, the joined message can be saved and/or content extracted from by using the SDK content extractor factory.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79f11d04-c275-b915-db5b-ab2227989555">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Content Namespace</a>  
