# JoinMimePartialMessages Method


Joins MIME partial-messages (see <a href="6f1047fb-7367-c09c-5621-ae7632c8404b">MimeEmailPartial</a>) into a single MIME message that can then be content extracted as a single whole message.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="269fabc9-a080-183c-2b1b-268520e2038c">OpenDiscoverSDK</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK (in OpenDiscoverSDK.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public static JoinedMimeMessage JoinMimePartialMessages(
	List<Stream> allPartialMessagePartStreams
)
```



#### Parameters
<dl><dt>  List(Stream)</dt><dd>A list of open streams to all MIME message partial parts. This method does not close or dispose the streams.</dd></dl>

#### Return Value
<a href="7de59760-18d4-eb28-455c-f96374fa626b">JoinedMimeMessage</a>  
A <a href="7de59760-18d4-eb28-455c-f96374fa626b">JoinedMimeMessage</a> object. Check <a href="feb64f7f-727e-93ef-7771-1731bcf45b92">Result</a> to determine if the join operation succeeded (i.e., <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">Ok</a>). If the join operation failed property <a href="c4f5fc21-4087-364c-9138-0841b63766d6">ErrorMessage</a> will contain error information.

## Remarks

MIME partial-messages occur if a message and its attachments are too large for a mail client to handle (upper limit on message size) - in this case, a MIME message is broken into smaller email message parts that are sent and need to be merged back together as the original message by the receiving mail client.

Each open stream in argument 'allPartialMessageParts' must correspond to an email document that was previously identified as <a href="6f1047fb-7367-c09c-5621-ae7632c8404b">MimeEmailPartial</a>.

When a partial message is content extracted via the <a href="fc555ced-4e25-4a75-d7eb-c52c1ad0fd37">IDocumentContentExtractor</a> interface returned by <a href="0930c5e5-6085-2f76-c66a-85fc6f02881c">GetContentExtractor(Stream, IdResult, String, ContentExtractionSettings)</a> it is not fully processed and has a returned <a href="8071a23b-2b6e-aaa1-4ac1-f60ddf524d75">Result</a> of <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">RequeueAsSeparateTask</a>. The reason for this is all parts of the MIME partial message need to be identified first so they can be joined by this method into a complete MIME message and then reprocessed.

Properties <a href="8cdfad37-dc5f-6815-d5d9-9b6e26f9266a">MimePartialMessageId</a> and <a href="04ffc65a-98d4-0f7f-1512-b0c65a7d7aa2">MimePartialMessagePartNumber</a> will be set for each MIME partial message that is content extracted. Property <a href="07ce0073-e1d5-fe10-a912-c55c16b5bd2e">MimePartialMessageTotalParts</a> may or may not be set on each MIME part. Often just the first or last MIME partial message part has this property set. These properties can be used to find all partial messages by their unique id (<a href="8cdfad37-dc5f-6815-d5d9-9b6e26f9266a">MimePartialMessageId</a> and to make sure all parts have been obtained (<a href="07ce0073-e1d5-fe10-a912-c55c16b5bd2e">MimePartialMessageTotalParts</a>).


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="2fbf109b-c0df-5cb9-abc9-e22bc3957c16">ContentExtractorFactory Class</a>  
<a href="269fabc9-a080-183c-2b1b-268520e2038c">OpenDiscoverSDK Namespace</a>  
