# OutputMode Enumeration


Determines how extracted embedded items/attachments and text are saved to file system.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public enum OutputMode
```



## Members
<table>
<tr>
<td>Archive</td>
<td>1</td>
<td><p>All output is written in a Open Discover data archive format.</p><p>

This output mode is usually the fastest for processing as it reduces the write disk I/O, and disk I/O is often the processing bottleneck for non-SSD data storage. A further benefit is much faster backups, deletes, and moving of processing output folders. The Open Discover Archive format also reduces total storage size.</p><p>

Separate Open Discover archive format files are output for document metadata (DocumentDataArchive.dda), attachments/embedded items (AttachmentArchive_p#_##.ada), and text (TextArchive_p#_##.tda), and each archive can contain the data of tens of thousands of files. Very 'large' attachments ('large' is a subjective term defined by property <a href="90aee97f-a132-9d0b-5c91-d6ac2eb95ace">LargeDocumentCritera</a>) are output separately to own their folder and not stored in the attachment archive.</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IndividualFiles</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>In this mode, all document level information is still written to a document data archive (DocumentDataArchive.dda) format; however, attachments/embedded items and extracted text are written as individual files to the file system.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings Namespace</a>  
