# ProcessingMode Enumeration


Document processing modes.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public enum ProcessingMode
```



## Members
<table>
<tr>
<td>TextAndMetadata</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Identify and extract text, attributes, and metadata from all input files and child documents.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MetadataContainerItemsFirstLevel</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><p>Identify and extract only metadata from all input files and also that of container child items.</p><p>

If a container document type (e.g., archive) contains a child item which is also a container type, the container child container's items are ignored.</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MetadataNoContainerItems</td>
<td>3</td>
<td><p>Identify and extract only metadata from all input files (for container types, the child items are counted and stored as metadata field).</p><p>

Input items that are containers (e.g., archive and mail stores) only have their metadata extracted and their child items are ignored; however, a count of contained child items is stored in the parent container metadata.</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IdentificationWithContainerItemCount</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><p>Identifies the file format of all input items, gets item count for archives/mail stores (see <a href="d38620bc-808f-c7c6-0860-2f23b54d91bf">NumOfContainerItems</a>), and gets image width/height for supported raster image formats (see <a href="4335baa7-16fe-5fc8-5820-c98f05f97c68">ImageWidthInPixels</a> and <a href="638ed11e-7895-6b0b-b76a-5497bff19765">ImageHeightInPixels</a>).</p><p>

Optionally, this mode can also calculate binary document hashing (e.g., <a href="03e32e6c-5276-9c31-cda2-58f69c176411">MD5BinaryHash</a>) and archive item true expansion size/compression ratio tests; however, this mode cannot calculate document content hashes (e.g., <a href="79c70de0-b9e0-0b16-a0b5-06486db71585">MD5ContentHash</a>).</p><p>

This mode is useful at the start of a document processing workflow ("pre-processing") where the document properties returned by this mode such as <a href="04a7f5f8-7155-e7aa-f716-b1e9e0b016b2">FormatId</a>, <a href="d38620bc-808f-c7c6-0860-2f23b54d91bf">NumOfContainerItems</a>, <a href="4335baa7-16fe-5fc8-5820-c98f05f97c68">ImageWidthInPixels</a>, <a href="638ed11e-7895-6b0b-b76a-5497bff19765">ImageHeightInPixels</a>, and optionally, <a href="11974ac9-104d-15f2-34a9-fc8a53348a61">TestedSize</a> can be used to determine how to break large document collections into manageable processing/OCR tasks.</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IdentificationOnly</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>Identify the file format of all input items. Only file system metadata is captured in this mode.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings Namespace</a>  
