# PageExtractedTextCriteria Property


Minimum PDF page extracted text length (in characters) criteria. See remarks.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataMemberAttribute]
public int PageExtractedTextCriteria { get; set; }
```



#### Property Value
Int32

## Remarks

If <a href="ab3ffa2a-75b2-4b19-57af-5c18921c9d68">ExtractionType</a> is set to <a href="7c5c2e3e-3fbb-2b71-9b82-3248062c5149">MetadataOnly</a> then this property is ignored.

If the extracted text length of any PDF page is below the value of this property then the following data is added to <a href="3bd6de6c-0baa-4567-da66-9d3eb1cf9ea0">PdfDocumentContent</a>: <ul><li><a href="97455b46-6bb8-0e3b-270d-5e3bdde3f3ee">PdfHasFailedPages</a> is added to <a href="a409030e-5938-2734-d344-61d4db1c129b">Attributes</a> (note: <a href="8e86a5a1-9129-b079-8605-f7fa3f3a1f21">DocumentContent</a> is the base class for <a href="3bd6de6c-0baa-4567-da66-9d3eb1cf9ea0">PdfDocumentContent</a>).</li><li>A <a href="fd3fc89d-e1e7-1dc0-73d0-0ef5454a6c84">PdfPageInfo</a> entry is added to <a href="0fca7561-7308-199c-bf41-3644dac00f71">FailedPdfPages</a> for this page.</li></ul>





The <a href="fd3fc89d-e1e7-1dc0-73d0-0ef5454a6c84">PdfPageInfo</a> information can aid users who plan on implementing OCR (optical character recognition) to augment text extraction in determining which, if any, PDF pages are a candidate for OCR.

The value of "1" (see below) is chosen as the default value because it is not uncommon to find a PDF page that is blank except for a page number. Users are encouraged to experiment on a PDF document collection and find values that work best for their particular needs.

Default property value: 1 [character]; at least 1 character of extracted text per PDF page must be extracted to pass this criteria (e.g., at least a page number on an otherwise blank PDF page).

Valid range: 0 - 500 [characters]; a value of 0 means that any length of text (including no text) passes this criteria and no pages will be marked failed due to page extracted text length.


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="3c400477-2e89-bbb7-3a8f-aea33d73b0f8">PdfDocumentSettings Class</a>  
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
