# DocumentTaskEngine Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5476f02-8f01-ff02-d246-b7e7a537b13e">AbortTask</a></td>
<td>Aborts the currently executing task started by <a href="0f804bf3-b74a-ee47-bf91-f9d3fe3e59d1">RunTask()</a> or <a href="986f1526-469f-4271-6612-05ed6177d574">RunTaskBlocking()</a>. Aborting may cause the host to crash so should only be used to stop a rogue, or long running document task. Any cleanup, database updating, and task scheduler notifications should be done prior to calling this method.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a7035e5-beac-07e9-4a96-2bfdc2764411">CreateNistRdsDatabase</a></td>
<td>Creates a NIST National Software Reference Library (NSRL) Reference Data Set (RDS) database that can be used by DocumentTaskEngine to de-NIST documents while processing (see <a href="9a14d9e6-6d58-1163-4789-91d54fe0dded">PerformNistCheck</a> and <a href="e86e2d63-a337-20e5-b288-c1aedd5696e9">NistRdsDatabasePath</a>).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f804bf3-b74a-ee47-bf91-f9d3fe3e59d1">RunTask</a></td>
<td>Asynchronously executes the document task defined by the constructor <a href="15834f2e-5778-5912-a2cc-a92e9d2e78fb">DocumentTaskSettings</a> argument.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="986f1526-469f-4271-6612-05ed6177d574">RunTaskBlocking</a></td>
<td>Executes the document task defined by the constructor <a href="15834f2e-5778-5912-a2cc-a92e9d2e78fb">DocumentTaskSettings</a> argument synchronously (blocking).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="55591a84-1c9a-5c6d-eefe-62a2134d5370">DocumentTaskEngine Class</a>  
<a href="aceb8efa-8dcd-26ac-b049-012c1f331112">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform Namespace</a>  
