# CustomEntityExtractType Enumeration


The extraction type for a user defined <a href="d7c5aca5-b71b-adf0-af66-e8075f3cb7e1">CustomEntityDefinition</a> entity.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="426e0aba-3c94-7f71-597c-2ec5efa7782b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings.TextAnalytics</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public enum CustomEntityExtractType
```



## Remarks
This enumeration determines what type, if any, of text immediately following a user defined <a href="d7c5aca5-b71b-adf0-af66-e8075f3cb7e1">CustomEntityDefinition</a> is extracted.

## Members
<table>
<tr>
<td>None</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>No extraction for identified keyword sequence. In this case the keywords themselves are usually considered the information.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NextTerm</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>The next term immediately following the keyword sequence. The next term is not required to be on same line as keyword sequence. A term is a word, number (5, 5.44), alpha-numeric word ('a123'), numeric-alpha word ('123a'), hyphenated word/numbers ('4242-4442-3ABC'), or a single symbol ('!','@','$','-',... etc)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Date</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>A date immediately following the end of the custom keyword sequence. Examples: "March 10, 2017", "3/10/17", "10 Mar 2017", "2020-aug-12", "05-20-2010"</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemainingLine</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>All remaining terms and symbols on the same line following the keyword sequence.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreceedingTextOnSameLine</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>All text preceeding keyword sequence that is on same line.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviousTerm</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>The previous term immediately before the start of the keyword sequence. The preceeding term is not required to be on same line as keyword sequence. A term is a word, number (5, 5.44), alpha-numeric word ('a123'), numeric-alpha word ('123a'), hyphenated word/numbers ('4242-4442-3ABC'), or a single symbol ('!','@','$','-',... etc)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegularExpressionAfter</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>Execute regular expression to capture data in the text immediately after the keyword sequence. See <a href="d284dbd5-1ca8-b160-0e7d-8208d4db1d6d">RegularExpression</a>. The number of characters searched by the regular expression pattern is given by <a href="b2e6287a-0d6b-2003-97a5-964c43773db5">RegExSearchLength</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegularExpressionBefore</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>Execute regular expression to capture data in the text preceeding before the keyword sequence. The number of characters searched by the regular expression pattern is given by <a href="b2e6287a-0d6b-2003-97a5-964c43773db5">RegExSearchLength</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegularExpressionBeforeAndAfter</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>Execute regular expression to capture data in the text before and after the keyword sequence. The number of characters searched before and after keyword sequence is given by <a href="b2e6287a-0d6b-2003-97a5-964c43773db5">RegExSearchLength</a>.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="426e0aba-3c94-7f71-597c-2ec5efa7782b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings.TextAnalytics Namespace</a>  
