# AttachmentDataArchiveCreator Class


Helper class to create attachment data archive(s) (.ada).



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="8fac0511-5eca-a179-d28a-c0a07e46597f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Archive</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK (in OpenDiscoverSDK.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public class AttachmentDataArchiveCreator : IDisposable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  AttachmentDataArchiveCreator</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>IDisposable</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
This class is not thread safe. If multi-threaded, create an instance per thread and make constructor argument 'attachmentDataArchiveUniqueThreadId' a unique value for each thread.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5cb77696-6c00-9f25-91b4-76bb5df3a3ec">AttachmentDataArchiveCreator</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="130ce59e-bd61-5b2b-611e-9a2f69e716ce">Close</a></td>
<td>Permanently closes the AttachmentDataArchiveCreator instance for writing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16f3dae4-2016-2ff7-b66a-09fe34b5698d">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Dispose.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a4f556b1-e89d-c0fb-e664-3d93c0ce8716">WriteRecord</a></td>
<td>Writes the <a href="1ada9969-add0-f951-f601-f7107618fb9d">Document</a> child native file record to a attachment data archive (.ada). This method expects that DocumentBytes to be non-null, if not, no record will be written to the .ada file.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="8fac0511-5eca-a179-d28a-c0a07e46597f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Archive Namespace</a>  
