# HashMatchGroup Class


Holds information on documents that have equal SHA1 document hashes. The hash comparison is only for all documents within a document data archive (.dda) file. See DocumentDataArchiveReader.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="dcc346b4-4dbe-f061-4b93-52d6a0a6fe6f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Archive</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class HashMatchGroup
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  HashMatchGroup</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
Document de-duplication should be performed in the document store, i.e., relational database or document database. This class is provided for testing or for example applications like what is provided in the Open Discover example projects.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="126dbc3b-e83f-fdcd-4c0c-ecf520c8fdda">HashMatchGroup</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the HashMatchGroup class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfba6690-296e-8523-4b46-5f8a9939a016">Documents</a></td>
<td>All the documents that match on <a href="eaad5880-4c05-437e-9387-245ccf03fea2">Hash</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f40cd04d-7405-fe26-9b9d-81690f1d25c3">FormatId</a></td>
<td>Document file format <a href="6f1047fb-7367-c09c-5621-ae7632c8404b">Id</a> of first document in this group as a string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46cc77a3-7fff-8dc6-52bd-51bbf552bdad">GroupNumber</a></td>
<td>The group number of this group.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eaad5880-4c05-437e-9387-245ccf03fea2">Hash</a></td>
<td>The matching hash for this group (see <a href="c01a9e6f-0447-356b-ffe5-6013f9d53d1b">HashMatchType</a> for the hash type source).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c01a9e6f-0447-356b-ffe5-6013f9d53d1b">HashMatchType</a></td>
<td>The type of hash match for this group.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="dcc346b4-4dbe-f061-4b93-52d6a0a6fe6f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Archive Namespace</a>  
