# TextSourceType Enumeration


Extracted document text method.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79f11d04-c275-b915-db5b-ab2227989555">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Content</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public enum TextSourceType
```



## Members
<table>
<tr>
<td>None</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>No text was extracted.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Extraction</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>Text extracted through parsing document format.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ExtractionFallback</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>Text extracted though primary document format parsing failed; but a possibly less reliable fallback parsing method was used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BinaryToText</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>Text was extracted through a proprietary binary-to-text filtering algorithm that attempts to extract useful text from the document's raw file bytes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OCR</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>RESERVED - Not set by SDK. All document text was extracted through optical character recognition (OCR) on image or scanned document image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PartialOCR</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>RESERVED - Not set by SDK. Part of the document's text was extracted through optical character recognition (OCR) on page level generated image or scanned document image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ExtractionUserLimited</td>
<td>7</td>
<td><p>Text extracted through parsing document format but amount of text was limited by user. For cases like database tables, which can potentially have 10's of millions of rows, the user can choose to limit the amount of database table rows outputted.</p></td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79f11d04-c275-b915-db5b-ab2227989555">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Content Namespace</a>  
