# DirectoryItem Class


Represents a file system directory and its contained files (documents) and sub-directories.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1c770892-a5f4-0d92-a48f-ee1036830f05">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Inventory.Legacy</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class DirectoryItem
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  DirectoryItem</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7538d41a-438b-8289-7b9c-7d9f74b3d17e">DirectoryItem</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the DirectoryItem class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e5dd686-8eea-6bc4-de43-c1a7e73f2df8">Attributes</a></td>
<td>Directory file system attributes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0205bb86-a81e-a934-d02c-5a26a2ba57bb">CreationTimeUtc</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the creation time, in coordinated universal time (UTC), of the current file or directory.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8524a14-23c8-2cb9-ca22-662ddab966f0">Documents</a></td>
<td>Child documents directly contained by this directory.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="47486819-ac48-0a24-7b22-b2db43204b5c">ErrorMessage</a></td>
<td>Error message for the error that occurred enumerating the directory.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e268142e-2833-de8c-5f12-2468f1840e85">HasError</a></td>
<td>Error occured enumerating the directory.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58d447b2-28b4-0350-033d-bf88cdf10e53">LastAccessTimeUtc</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the time, in coordinated universal time (UTC), that the current file or directory was last accessed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1427465-6d11-d503-cfa8-2da51ec8152a">LastWriteTimeUtc</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the time, in coordinated universal time (UTC), when the current file or directory was last written to.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="634fe4e7-4eff-4635-454d-50aa650ff00e">Members</a></td>
<td>Returns the sub-directory items of this instance first and then the document items of this instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3737b6a3-c09e-acbb-89a4-69bfe0a009e8">Name</a></td>
<td>Directory or file name.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="762dc1bc-493d-1530-420d-9b1b95349bc4">NameWithTotalFileCount</a></td>
<td>Name of the directory and total document count under the directory as a string. Format: "Name (count)"</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ddbc6a9-0593-ddf6-288f-c8faece77c90">Owner</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the file system owner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c97c4c2-b3fd-2bb8-ea38-30ba85fef48a">Path</a></td>
<td>Full path of the directory</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6bd231dd-0611-4504-3d7c-64fd10d2d3c6">Result</a></td>
<td>Result of the enumeration of this directory item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbaf61dc-9eea-69ac-9ae7-7e912ac2a418">SubDirectories</a></td>
<td>Sub-directories of this directory item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49ea2303-52be-08e6-0d0d-fb84541d51e3">TotalDirectoryCount</a></td>
<td>Total number of sub-directories in this directory.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6421936-7478-3fcc-0cb2-d9d8c130926b">TotalDocumentCount</a></td>
<td>Total number of documents contained directly in this directory and in all sub-directories nested under this directory (inclused sub-directories of sub.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8630444f-3f13-713c-a874-059ba3108d6b">TotalSizeInBytes</a></td>
<td>Total size, in bytes, of all the documents in this directory and in all sub-directories nested under this directory.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="231ecf85-b7b5-ff90-6e49-e01a2fd24487">CreateHierarchy</a></td>
<td>Creates a DirectoryItem hierarchy from a input document list where each document in list has a <a href="da522ff9-84be-81b4-4898-37e38973e1d6">FilePath</a> property that points to a valid file path and these paths are used to build a directory hierarchy. The documents should have a common root folder path.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1c770892-a5f4-0d92-a48f-ee1036830f05">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Inventory.Legacy Namespace</a>  
