# ContentExtractorResult Class


Content factory extractor result.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public class ContentExtractorResult
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ContentExtractorResult</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
An object of this type is returned by the SDK's ContentExtractorFactory.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b723ab9-7060-6926-227c-a1350cd71836">ContentExtractorResult</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the ContentExtractorResult class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e34c8f80-a415-2275-2f2e-74e78119de93">ContentExtractor</a></td>
<td>Contains the associated content extractor interface. If <a href="044ab9be-958d-cdd1-092b-adb37aec6d3a">HasError</a> is true then this property may be null.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29f71d1e-5fb6-a3ae-1573-5dc52363f9a1">Error</a></td>
<td>If <a href="044ab9be-958d-cdd1-092b-adb37aec6d3a">HasError</a> is true then this property contains the error message.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="044ab9be-958d-cdd1-092b-adb37aec6d3a">HasError</a></td>
<td>If true, an error occured getting a content extractor and property <a href="29f71d1e-5fb6-a3ae-1573-5dc52363f9a1">Error</a> will hold the error message.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d79185b1-3d56-286b-2d5c-62e6ddcee6a5">IsPasswordProtected</a></td>
<td>True if document is password protected encrypted. If <a href="044ab9be-958d-cdd1-092b-adb37aec6d3a">HasError</a> is true, then see this property to determine if the document is unsupported for decrypting.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors Namespace</a>  
