# DocumentTaskEngine Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="3aafc68a-0914-ed50-9263-8ed721c6233d">CurrentNumberOfArchivesInProcess</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of archives (Zip/7zip/Tar/Rar/etc) currently being processed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c066b8a6-ab98-70f3-82fc-c6a6376c9741">CurrentNumberOfDatabasesInProcess</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of databases currently being processed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3878427c-ff96-57b9-8a72-975d3091d336">CurrentNumberOfLargeDocumentsInProcess</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of "large" documents currently being processed. "Large" documents are defined by <a href="90aee97f-a132-9d0b-5c91-d6ac2eb95ace">LargeDocumentCritera</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a4ce15f3-785f-b491-ac49-4014b4247e61">CurrentNumberOfMailStoresInProcess</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of mail stores (PST/OST/MBOX/etc) currently being processed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee1c36bd-ff59-7e0e-37c1-9b2ff037bead">DocumentMetadataToFileStoreQueueCount</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of documents waiting have their extracted metadata written to file store. This is the last step for a processed document.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61cb6876-1b71-6a86-3db7-3a1ab7f19bde">EmbeddedAndTextToFileStoreQueueCount</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of extracted embedded documents and documents with extracted text waiting to be written to file store.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc410a30-8752-5e8d-0613-5ea8a9116c86">ExtractedDocumentQueueCount</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of extracted documents waiting to be processed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e976cc81-e64c-cfd9-9f1e-a745bf20098c">InputDocumentQueueCount</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of documents waiting to be read for processing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="635f615a-980e-bdd8-f488-40b433cd49d0">IsFileStoreWriterComplete</a></td>
<td>Returns true if a task is currently running and the task has completed writing all attachments and extracted text to ar or flat files; false if still busy or a task is not running.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3af413c2-1cb9-30fb-402b-f1e3b4a1f345">IsolateCorruptDocument</a></td>
<td>RESERVED - DO NOT USE OR SET PROPERTY. Reserved for internal testing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0b5cc2f0-dec4-d17c-f447-0b2513f662ce">IsProcessingDocumentsComplete</a></td>
<td>Returns true if a task is currently running and the task has completed processing all documents; false if still busy or a task is not running.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c84ead17-ff1a-c262-6848-c25543c0e2a6">IsReadingDocumentComplete</a></td>
<td>Returns true if a task is currently running and the task has completed reading all the input documents; false if still has documents to read or a task is not running.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c9410f1-5d40-4dfb-61eb-1eb581383f72">IsTaskRunning</a></td>
<td>True if a task is currently being executed via a previous call to method <a href="0f804bf3-b74a-ee47-bf91-f9d3fe3e59d1">RunTask()</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7f7e938-ea98-c97b-1058-1524b5bbf75a">LargeDocumentQueueCount</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of "large" documents that require special processing that are waiting to be processed. "Large" documents are defined by <a href="90aee97f-a132-9d0b-5c91-d6ac2eb95ace">LargeDocumentCritera</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53b67ebc-5833-b8c9-d9a5-27aeec345ad5">NumInputDocuments</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the total number of input documents to be processed for this task.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="374e83aa-13b3-3f8d-a197-c5f0e9b1a1b1">ProcessedDocuments</a></td>
<td>If task is currently running, returns null. If task has finished running this property returns the input document hierarchy, that is extracted children documents (embedded, attachments, and container items) are populated (if any) in <a href="a1bf6deb-7e1f-a4c6-096b-688de9570059">ChildDocuments</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9a6d648-e438-4932-bb97-4eae6165ae52">ReadDocumentQueueCount</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the current number of documents read and waiting to be processed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41239ea8-23a1-f9fd-84c3-0c4fa77dfd67">TaskPercentComplete</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the task's estimated percent complete (0-100).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74326f41-965e-a286-53ed-3e1e3cdfef95">TotalArchivesProcessed</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the total number of archives (Zip/7zip/Tar/Rar/etc) that have currently been fully processed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1283a5ed-0bb7-9831-d923-0ce05d63080e">TotalDatabasesProcessed</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the total number of databases that have currently been fully processed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b514da9-5d9e-fb31-15dc-8e696b4c69c8">TotalDocumentsProcessed</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the total number of documents that have currently been fully processed (includes extracted embedded and container items).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98b58945-93f0-e249-f25f-7b0faf21b64d">TotalInputDocumentsProcessed</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the total number of input documents to task that have currently been fully processed (does NOT include extracted embedded and container items).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2ba7504-ac93-f9a2-e1bb-74ae4c16ad8d">TotalMailStoresProcessed</a></td>
<td>If a task is running, returns the total number of mail stores (PST/OST/MBOX/etc) that have currently been fully processed.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="55591a84-1c9a-5c6d-eefe-62a2134d5370">DocumentTaskEngine Class</a>  
<a href="aceb8efa-8dcd-26ac-b049-012c1f331112">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform Namespace</a>  
