# ExportField Class


Represents supported Open Discover extracted content (text/metadata/entity/etc.) for export.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="64ba929d-e4db-0192-acbb-9e65aff4a599">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.LoadFile</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class ExportField
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ExportField</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
This class is used to define what Open Discover supported content gets exported to legal review system load files.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="30462faf-a9f8-e462-a6e7-91b394ea02b9">ExportField()</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ca1195a-548f-c17c-3c1b-40316a74e242">ExportField(String, String, Boolean, FieldType, FieldCategoryType, String)</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b38ffea-a37f-3bd4-dc21-626e71be10af">Description</a></td>
<td>The description, if any, of this field.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a05e44b4-b71d-bb84-3d35-cb2ff5d68ddd">ExportFieldName</a></td>
<td>Export defined name of the SDK internal and pre-defined <a href="54acd205-38d6-378d-b211-bbf4f5ca1edc">OpenDiscoverFieldName</a>. The user can edit this value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5be180a5-b77c-6301-3f23-a0efc2ee8395">FieldCategoryType</a></td>
<td>The category type of this export field.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="816b3355-6431-7efd-e6f3-df421e38afe0">FieldType</a></td>
<td>The field type determines how this field is exported (typically to a load file that then is imported into legal review system software).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba245742-4364-90e3-69bc-fc99932d90b2">IsExported</a></td>
<td>If true, this field is exported. If false, this field is ignored.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54acd205-38d6-378d-b211-bbf4f5ca1edc">OpenDiscoverFieldName</a></td>
<td>The internal name of the Open Discover content. The user MUST NOT edit this value.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="64ba929d-e4db-0192-acbb-9e65aff4a599">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.LoadFile Namespace</a>  
