# ProcessingType Enumeration


Document processing input source types.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public enum ProcessingType
```



## Members
<table>
<tr>
<td>DocumentSet</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Process a set of documents as a task.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SingleArchive</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><p>Process a single archive (or a multi-part archive) as a task. If archive is a multi-part (split) archive then <a href="b68ae6b1-5941-ef7e-5054-9537863e0856">Documents</a> must contain documents with ALL parts of the multi-part archive and with their respective <a href="da522ff9-84be-81b4-4898-37e38973e1d6">FilePath</a> set.</p><p>

The <a href="04a7f5f8-7155-e7aa-f716-b1e9e0b016b2">FormatId</a> and <a href="da522ff9-84be-81b4-4898-37e38973e1d6">FilePath</a> must be set for the input archive document (or documents in the case of a multi-part archive).</p><p>

NOTE: all multi-part archives must be processed by this processing type. Multi-part archives, when encountered while processing in other ProcessingType modes, get marked with <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">RequeueAsSeparateTask</a> and are not fully processed. The reason for this is because it cannot be assured that the processing input documents or the expanded documents contained in the input documents contain all parts of the multi-part archive for other ProcessingType modes. For example, consider the cases where the parts of a multi-part archive are spread across the attachments of several emails or where a document processing workflow engine assigns the multi-part archive parts to different document processing sets (DocumentSet).</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SingleMailStore</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>Process a single mail store (PST/OST/MBOX/etc.) as a task. Typically, the user would want to create a separate task for a mail store only if it is too "large" to be included in a DocumentSet task (i.e., file size or <a href="d38620bc-808f-c7c6-0860-2f23b54d91bf">NumOfContainerItems</a> are greater than user defined criteria).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MimePartialMessageSet</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><p>Process a document set of MIME partial-messages ONLY as a task. Only documents identified as <a href="6f1047fb-7367-c09c-5621-ae7632c8404b">MimeEmailPartial</a> are allowed to be in the task's input document set (task input set defined by <a href="b68ae6b1-5941-ef7e-5054-9537863e0856">Documents</a>). This processing task should be run (queued) last if processing a document collection so that all known partial-messages are processed together. The task should contain ALL MIME partial-messages (<a href="6f1047fb-7367-c09c-5621-ae7632c8404b">MimeEmailPartial</a>) that have <a href="afc45d77-b73b-c2ea-47d8-95bb69deb137">Result</a> equal to <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">RequeueAsSeparateTask</a>.</p><p>

This task will join all partial-message parts (if possible) into a single MIME email before processing the joined MIME message. When adding the MIME partial-emails to <a href="b68ae6b1-5941-ef7e-5054-9537863e0856">Documents</a>, make sure each Document object that represents a MIME partial-message part has the following properties set on it: <a href="04a7f5f8-7155-e7aa-f716-b1e9e0b016b2">FormatId</a>, <a href="da522ff9-84be-81b4-4898-37e38973e1d6">FilePath</a>, <a href="5b9b1da9-6567-37fc-fa22-fb8ed0ca6ea2">IsAttachmentArchiveFilePath</a>, <a href="ec18431d-8483-34b1-3b0e-94fb593d7d3a">IsMimePartialMessage</a>, <a href="74b0f82b-040e-83bb-c7f6-c04a0881d91b">MimePartialMessagePartNumber</a>, and <a href="fd21e526-927b-f2bb-1888-ba794590fadd">MimePartialMessageTotalParts</a> (if known for part). The extracted content for the joined MIME will be assigned to the first Document partial-message (<a href="74b0f82b-040e-83bb-c7f6-c04a0881d91b">MimePartialMessagePartNumber</a> = 1) of the MIME message parts.</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CustomDocumentSource</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>Processes documents that are defined by a user defined document source that implements the <a href="2f1724b9-5f01-5a9b-a604-10e09fa0d67a">ICustomDocumentSource</a> interface.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SingleDatabase</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>Process a single supported database file (WindowSearch/ESEDatabase/Sqlite/Access/Future additions) as a task. Typically, the user would want to create a separate task for a database only if it is too "large" to be included in a DocumentSet task (i.e., file size or number of rows in one or more <a href="495f3690-7ebb-df28-9638-2efc1a2323e1">TableInfo</a> objects in <a href="874c2990-b018-a850-21e1-171464621636">DatabaseTableInfo</a> are greater than a user defined criteria).</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings Namespace</a>  
