# TextDataArchiveCreator Class


Helper class to create text data archive(s) (.tda).



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="8fac0511-5eca-a179-d28a-c0a07e46597f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Archive</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK (in OpenDiscoverSDK.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public class TextDataArchiveCreator : IDisposable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TextDataArchiveCreator</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>IDisposable</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
This class is not thread safe. If multi-threaded, create an instance per thread and make constructor argument 'textDataArchiveCreatorThreadId' a unique value for each thread.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6c5e4f9-9b4d-86e9-2acd-2ad34f81dbc2">TextDataArchiveCreator</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="da86caf2-645d-59a1-6939-2e88593bc38c">Close</a></td>
<td>Permanently closes the TextDataArchiveCreator instance for writing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4609ec27-b6e0-1731-8ae5-6885b142c231">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Dispose.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66e329fd-15aa-fa63-6c93-2044578ebd0e">WriteRecord</a></td>
<td>Write the <a href="1ada9969-add0-f951-f601-f7107618fb9d">Document</a> extracted text record to a text data archive (.tda). This method expects that <a href="8bb7136d-69bb-d1d3-4dbf-d49945590448">ExtractedText</a> is set, if not, an record with only the text "[NO_TEXT_EXTRACTED]" will be written to the .tda file.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="8fac0511-5eca-a179-d28a-c0a07e46597f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Archive Namespace</a>  
