# KeywordSequences Property


A list of keword sequences. A keyword sequence is 1 to a maximum of 14 keyword terms (terms are words or symbols) that define a custom item.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="426e0aba-3c94-7f71-597c-2ec5efa7782b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings.TextAnalytics</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataMemberAttribute]
public List<string> KeywordSequences { get; set; }
```



#### Property Value
List(String)

## Remarks

A keyword sequence is a sequence of terms (words or symbols) up to a maximum of 14 and that are separated by a '+' (plus sign). The sequence MUST begin with a term that is a word and not symbol or numeric literals. The first word can be all letters or numeric-alpha or alpha-numeric. There can be any number of whitespace characters between the sequence terms as all whitespace is ignored. After the first term, the subsequent terms can be any combination of words, symbols, number literals For example, "a+%+1.3+$" is valid keyword sequence because number of terms is less than 14 and begins with a word term 'a' (this sequence would find "a%1.3$", "a % 1.3 $", etc).

Example keyword sequence: "acme+invoice+#+:" tells the SDK to find "acme invoice #:" or "acme invoice # :" (distance between the terms doesn't matter except there must be at least one white space character between consecutive words) and optionally extract what immediately comes next (see property <a href="5ead8b2a-fb28-710e-fdee-d0883df80e22">ExtractType</a>).

In the case of searching for custom sensitive items, user defined sequence should be greater than 1 term and should be unique enough to not cause many false positives. A term (word) like "_ACME_INVOICE_ID" is unique enough to be 1 term but "company" will have lots of hits in a large document set.


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="d7c5aca5-b71b-adf0-af66-e8075f3cb7e1">CustomEntityDefinition Class</a>  
<a href="426e0aba-3c94-7f71-597c-2ec5efa7782b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings.TextAnalytics Namespace</a>  
