# MapiPropertyRequest Class


Requests a specific MAPI property be extracted from Outlook .msg file formats as metadata, if it exists.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class MapiPropertyRequest : IMapiPropertyRequest
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MapiPropertyRequest</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="dcf42947-4236-4ac8-3e63-1b334778cbac">IMapiPropertyRequest</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d90f3bec-261c-f8a8-d6de-7a35411a9736">MapiPropertyRequest()</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02236f23-1428-e1ac-986a-665ece7b0c75">MapiPropertyRequest(String, UInt16)</a></td>
<td>Requests a MAPI property defined by a 'propertyID' and stores it, if it exists in the document, in <a href="f6759da6-46fa-d113-da7f-5575ec427ada">Metadata</a> dictionary as an entry with 'canonicalName' key.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="a244898c-9013-1e10-a63c-3a3cb30693e0">CanonicalName</a></td>
<td>Canonical name of the MAPI property that will also be the <a href="f6759da6-46fa-d113-da7f-5575ec427ada">Metadata</a> entry dictionary key. This name should be the canonical name of the property as defined in "Exchange Server Protocols Master Property List" [MS-OXPROPS] specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9df347d6-ec80-7aec-1ec0-79aca46c96d9">PropertyID</a></td>
<td>The MAPI property ID for the property as defined in the "Exchange Server Protocols Master Property List" [MS-OXPROPS] specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e9f8d69-be4f-8d67-3faf-95e02ac67284">RequestType</a></td>
<td>MAPI property request type.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
