# TestSolidBlockItems Method


Tests the true expansion size of all solid block archive items without expanding the item data into memory or to file system.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
ContentResult TestSolidBlockItems(
	ItemTestFinishedCallback itemTestFinishedCallback,
	string password = null
)
```



#### Parameters
<dl><dt>  <a href="ae9049f8-07c9-7aff-4633-bb418e9f14ce">ItemTestFinishedCallback</a></dt><dd>Callback delegate called for each solid block archive item that has finished testing for expanded (de-compressed) size.</dd><dt>  String  (Optional)</dt><dd><p>Optional password (default is null). Solid compressed archive items have the same password if encrypted because they are compressed and encrypted together into solid block(s).</p><p>

Check the returned <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">ContentResult</a>, if <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">WrongPassword</a> is the value, then user can make subsequent calls to this method using a password until <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">Ok</a> is returned or there are no more passwords to try.</p></dd></dl>

#### Return Value
<a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">ContentResult</a>  
A <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">ContentResult</a> enumerated result. If the returned value is <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">WrongPassword</a> then the solid block compressed archive items require a decryption password. User can make subsequent calls to this method using a password until <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">Ok</a> is returned or there are no more passwords to try.

## Remarks
Upon a successful item test completion, each solid archive item's test result and tested expansion size will be returned by a <a href="ae9049f8-07c9-7aff-4633-bb418e9f14ce">ItemTestFinishedCallback</a> callback.

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="9d2fb8da-9eff-b1d9-e027-a4b2d24993e8">IArchiveExtractor Interface</a>  
<a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors Namespace</a>  
