# DDARecordReader Class


Reads document records sequentially from an existing document data archive (.dda).



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="8fac0511-5eca-a179-d28a-c0a07e46597f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Archive</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK (in OpenDiscoverSDK.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public class DDARecordReader : IDisposable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  DDARecordReader</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>IDisposable</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks

Class <a href="2a65ab11-cb67-f74a-b87a-61814d9c3b11">DocumentDataArchiveReader</a> also reads document data archive (.dda) output files but it reads all the documents into memory at once and provides summary information and also creates the hierarchical structure of the processed documents (parent/child relationships), see property <a href="7532659c-dc36-68ba-a8ef-a9966b65138d">HierarchicalRecords</a>.

A document data archive (always named "DocumentDataArchive.dda") holds extracted document data (metadata/attributes/etc) from processed documents. Documents stored in a document archive file may also have links to either external individual extracted text/attachment files or links to external text/attachment archive files that act as compact archive containers for this information.


## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="07d373ab-7090-b078-872c-e8d8b2e5fa3b">DDARecordReader</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="13e2952c-a555-18ab-bb04-274c08020224">CreationDate</a></td>
<td>Archive creation date (UTC).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7379c775-6721-097b-af6b-40f80a1a4214">DocumentArchiveFolderPath</a></td>
<td>The root folder of the document data archive.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec5bc073-69eb-f0f9-79bf-3257553a4140">Settings</a></td>
<td>Task settings that were used to create this document data archive output.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1fb724a8-df81-c2f7-abd5-361bc3f62b76">TotalNumOfDocumentRecords</a></td>
<td>Total number of document records in document data archive.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b691dde5-29ff-fbb3-d857-abcf77224cc5">Version</a></td>
<td>Archive format version.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b3c92f1-ca21-6411-e823-05d178938536">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Dispose.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5430c88-c013-e5b7-1c22-ca385677fc9d">ReadNextRecord</a></td>
<td>Reads the next document record.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="8fac0511-5eca-a179-d28a-c0a07e46597f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Archive Namespace</a>  
