# FieldType Enumeration


Field data type of an Open Discover export field. See <a href="14b346a1-a63a-760e-7764-a96fc4a66bf3">ExportField</a>.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="64ba929d-e4db-0192-acbb-9e65aff4a599">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.LoadFile</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public enum FieldType
```



## Remarks
The field type is useful when exporting load files into a legal review system.

## Members
<table>
<tr>
<td>YesNo</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>Yes/No field type. This field type only accepts one of two values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FixedLengthText</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Fixed-length text field type. Fixed length fields can be up to 4,000 characters in length. If larger than 4,000 characters they will be truncated at a length of 4,000 characters.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>WholeNumber</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>Whole number field type stores any positive or negative natural numbers (Int32). The allowed range is -2,147,483,647 to 2,147,483,647.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Date</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>Date field type stores the date or date and time.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Decimal</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>Decimal field type stores numeric values with decimals.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LongText</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>Long text field is up to 2 GB in character size. This field is used for fields that require more characters than FixedLengthText supports.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Currency</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>Currency field type stores numeric values in currency format (10 digits maximum for this field).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SingleChoice</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>Single choice field type. A single choice field has a predetermined set of values called choices and only allows for a single choice.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MultipleChoice</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>Multiple choice field type. A multiple choice field has a predetermined set of values called choices and only allows for multiple choices.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="64ba929d-e4db-0192-acbb-9e65aff4a599">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.LoadFile Namespace</a>  
