# OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Metadata Namespace



Open Discover™ SDK for .NET known metadata fields extracted from supported file formats.

A 'known' metadata field (property) is one that is extracted from at least one file format and is documented in one of the 'known' metadata field collection classes by type. Documenting the known metadata fields by type and also by the common file formats that they are found in (see <a href="a94c5f4f-83d7-256c-91bc-63929ed8423b">KnownMetadataHelper</a> helper class) helps users to know which fields one can index/search for when using Open Discover™ SDK .NET in full-text indexing applications.

The actual number of metadata fields extracted from all supported file formats is greater than what is presented in this namespace. Note: not all extracted metadata fields could be documented and many formats allow users to create custom metadata fields with custom names.

System Requirements: <ul><li><strong>Minimum supported client</strong> – Windows 7 [desktop apps | UWP apps]</li><li><strong>Minimum supported server</strong> – Windows Server 2008 R2[desktop apps | UWP apps]</li></ul>






## Classes
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b2b7e10-e1a6-3aee-f9dd-76bb9945e5ac">KnownBooleanMetadataFields</a></td>
<td>Known boolean typed metadata property names.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f03e94cc-c234-355d-3bfe-9779d14de8b4">KnownDateTimeMetadataFields</a></td>
<td>Known DateTime typed metadata property names.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="35c06e81-a65e-b780-c317-e0bb0d9ad127">KnownDoubleMetadataFields</a></td>
<td>Known double typed metadata property names.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15fed54c-da5c-04fb-e2e4-bec2f355eb86">KnownInt32MetadataFields</a></td>
<td>Known Int32 typed metadata property names.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="719305ad-2094-b3f9-5340-4d47576ca35b">KnownInt64MetadataFields</a></td>
<td>Known Int64 typed metadata property names.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33dc8cc2-7c38-84f2-ccb5-67df92ad903c">KnownMetadataAttribute</a></td>
<td>Metadata field attribute.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a4b5275b-c507-047c-66df-6eb5d206a3a3">KnownMetadataField</a></td>
<td>Used only by the <a href="a94c5f4f-83d7-256c-91bc-63929ed8423b">KnownMetadataHelper</a> class to represent a known metadata field.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a94c5f4f-83d7-256c-91bc-63929ed8423b">KnownMetadataHelper</a></td>
<td>Helper class to access lists of known metadata field names by .NET type and by document format types.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5bc4ff5-f912-67fc-b9d8-e66a70f3896f">KnownStringMetadataFields</a></td>
<td>Known string typed metadata property names.</td></tr>
</table>