# DuplicateGroupResult Class


Duplicate document result for a document data archive (.dda).



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="dcc346b4-4dbe-f061-4b93-52d6a0a6fe6f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Archive</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class DuplicateGroupResult
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  DuplicateGroupResult</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d9ee936-de43-d2d7-0339-beae0745fb35">DuplicateGroupResult</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the DuplicateGroupResult class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2ff28a1-1769-859e-9d00-601b39533c6d">DuplicateGroups</a></td>
<td>Total number of duplicate document groups. A group must contain at least 2 documents with same hash (see <a href="3e238855-b5ad-b258-38b6-d84c9f798fd2">TotalDocumentsWithSameHashCount</a>).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e238855-b5ad-b258-38b6-d84c9f798fd2">TotalDocumentsWithSameHashCount</a></td>
<td>Total count of all documents with same SHA1 hash. The <a href="1711d552-357d-7bc8-4e17-aed0d2888466">SHA1ContentHash</a> is used if it exists for a document, otherwise the <a href="c9a576ae-b132-1356-9d30-abebe16ed30c">SHA1BinaryHash</a> is used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb29ff3e-d912-9c7c-2e22-159ab7a28f4a">TotalDuplicateDocumentCount</a></td>
<td>Total number of duplicate documents minus the total number of <a href="b2ff28a1-1769-859e-9d00-601b39533c6d">DuplicateGroups</a>.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="dcc346b4-4dbe-f061-4b93-52d6a0a6fe6f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Archive Namespace</a>  
