# LoadFileSettings Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7dc134e3-e08d-f228-a9cc-57411216b5bc">AreBooleanFieldsYesNo</a></td>
<td>If true (the default), boolean fields get output as "Yes" or "No" (if false, they get output as "True" or "False")</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62a6f684-2c8f-6243-277a-fc77de78869b">CustodianName</a></td>
<td>[Optional] Custodian name that will be added as exported field if this value is not null, empty, or whitespace (default value is null).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d87f53cf-5c07-5a8a-9e24-d0597316ce9a">DocumentAttributes</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY, populated by method <a href="512b1d86-a979-8426-51b8-637c0a7b2f21">Initialize(String, Boolean)</a>. Field ID to standalone DocumentAttributes map (true/false flags).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="976e0860-fb81-234d-9081-74ec55634a23">DocumentPropertyToFieldDisplayName</a></td>
<td>IINTERNAL USE ONLY, populated by method <a href="512b1d86-a979-8426-51b8-637c0a7b2f21">Initialize(String, Boolean)</a>. Document property name to load file display name mapper.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2bcdf4ab-feca-e8ee-9031-7ca021ec7e02">EntityToFieldDisplayName</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY, populated by method <a href="512b1d86-a979-8426-51b8-637c0a7b2f21">Initialize(String, Boolean)</a>. Entity item type to load file display name mapper.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb09fad0-b2c1-5ceb-ebea-78a010548d09">EntityTypeHitList</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY, populated by method <a href="512b1d86-a979-8426-51b8-637c0a7b2f21">Initialize(String, Boolean)</a>. Want a field that has a list of all Entity types (deduped) it hit on, preferably semi colon delimited ie. IPv4Address;IPv6Address</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e82ab4bd-c70d-d12a-a153-8d31b3e6b613">FieldDisplayNameToMultiItemMetadata</a></td>
<td>RESERVED. Load file field display name to multi-valued Open Discover metadata name check.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79f8e0b1-fa6b-e270-0d8c-d99d6172be09">ImportAPIPassword</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9def73fb-cd03-b93c-b7c4-7dc168c8165a">ImportAPIUrl</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="485b88f8-092b-af15-431e-9b2d1779ce9a">ImportAPIUsername</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1610a7ba-fe88-7883-2d77-124190abb400">ImportAPIWorkspaceArtifactID</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="80d4ba4e-1110-80aa-9251-7784d7a53c31">ImportAPIWorkspaceArtifactTypeID</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c2284b9-c749-bd8e-6615-5f7723944608">IncludeNistFiles</a></td>
<td>Required user input: If true, include NIST documents in load file (default is false).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5d1895a4-a370-19f7-c5a3-36983feba3eb">IncludeRequeueAsSeparateTaskFiles</a></td>
<td>Optional user input: If true, includes documents that have <a href="afc45d77-b73b-c2ea-47d8-95bb69deb137">Result</a> equal to <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">RequeueAsSeparateTask</a>, <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">UserRequeueAsSeparateTask</a>, or <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">RequeueAsOCRTask</a>. If false, these documents are not written to load file (false is the default property value).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fc00f14-b4ff-9dd9-a478-000559c41709">IncludeTopLevelInputContainers</a></td>
<td>Required user input: If true, includes top level input containers in load file. If false, they are not written to load file (false is the default property value).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d55733a-abbd-ce7e-a1c6-60ec9ed023df">JobStartDate</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY, populated by method <a href="512b1d86-a979-8426-51b8-637c0a7b2f21">Initialize(String, Boolean)</a>. Job start date that is stored in .dda.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff492e60-8d68-bb0f-3e3a-1a98e38df58b">LoadFileFullPath</a></td>
<td>Required user input: The full path of the load file to create.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5fa62255-96e0-f422-b0aa-c0891155e947">MaxEntityItemsPerTypePerRecord</a></td>
<td>Required user input: Maximum number of entity items (per type) per document record to write as delimited field. This limit is to protected against writing potentially 10's of 1000's of items such as addresses to one document record. Default value is 200000.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e1e866a-2cbf-addf-c78f-68be20e60458">MetadataPropertyFieldDisplayName</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY, populated by method <a href="512b1d86-a979-8426-51b8-637c0a7b2f21">Initialize(String, Boolean)</a>. Metadata property load file display name mapper.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="539f23d6-ed70-244d-f5a0-8fd634ac8e50">OpenDiscoverNameToLoadFileFieldNameMap</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY, populated by method <a href="512b1d86-a979-8426-51b8-637c0a7b2f21">Initialize(String, Boolean)</a>. Open Discover name to load file field display name map.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="283cfc27-8a7b-6685-4ef1-88a9b8299e3d">RelativityCompatible</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d841f0a0-1640-5451-e98b-c466d6df06d9">UseFilenameAsDocGuidField</a></td>
<td>If true, replaces the Open Discover created DocGuid field with the file's input filename with no extension (default is false). This field SHOULD always be set to false unless the user is wanting to process extracted text/native files that have been exported with Document ID's as their file names. See remarks.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="323f75dd-073f-1c7b-3c4c-badc0b9d13e8">UseImportAPI</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="ee220e30-2094-dd55-5185-7f3f158d4dbf">LoadFileSettings Class</a>  
<a href="64ba929d-e4db-0192-acbb-9e65aff4a599">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.LoadFile Namespace</a>  
