# InventoryResult Class


Contains the results of an inventoried directory InventoryLegacy.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1c770892-a5f4-0d92-a48f-ee1036830f05">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Inventory.Legacy</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class InventoryResult
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  InventoryResult</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d1e3af0-2791-8f62-8586-71b172b70f8a">InventoryResult()</a></td>
<td>Default constructor.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df713130-485b-0db6-51be-cdd1591b3c72">InventoryResult(List(String))</a></td>
<td>Constructor. Only the <a href="51e6cf98-0a95-a036-a37e-c22528bb14a9">Documents</a> property gets set by this constructor.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a8f837b7-b9d5-669a-4f27-10e66594be4a">InventoryResult(DirectoryItem, List(Document))</a></td>
<td>Constructor. Reserved and used by internal code to populate this result object.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="51e6cf98-0a95-a036-a37e-c22528bb14a9">Documents</a></td>
<td>For <a href="9980fedc-04b0-0e77-a6be-b0784f7ef32f">DirectoriesAndDocuments</a>, this property contains all documents (files) that are contained directly in the inventoried directory and also under all sub-folders (recursively). For <a href="9980fedc-04b0-0e77-a6be-b0784f7ef32f">InputDirectoryDocumentsOnly</a> this property only contains all the documents in the inventoried directory (no sub-directory documents). For all other <a href="9980fedc-04b0-0e77-a6be-b0784f7ef32f">InventoryMode</a> modes this property is not set.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6d523e0-3c25-34c4-1806-4d8e7d1a6a17">Root</a></td>
<td>Root directory item result of an inventoried directory. The "root" directory is the directory inventoried.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1c770892-a5f4-0d92-a48f-ee1036830f05">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Inventory.Legacy Namespace</a>  
