# CollectionTimeZone Property


Determines the time zone of a document collection.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataMemberAttribute]
[JsonConverterAttribute(typeof(JsonTimeZoneInfoConverter))]
public TimeZoneInfo CollectionTimeZone { get; set; }
```



#### Property Value
TimeZoneInfo

## Remarks

A document collection is the set of documents to be content extracted.

This time zone property is only used by Open Discover SDK for 2 purposes: <ol><li>Displaying the UTC dates in email extracted text such as email sent dates, appointment start/end dates, task dates, and journal dates in a desired local time zone. For example, the local time zone of the email sender or a chosen time zone if processing email from parties in different time zones. This property setting is ignored for email extracted text if property <a href="0dbf1b8d-221f-78db-1936-4df983e47691">EmailDateTimeFormat</a> is set to <a href="e8f033fd-934b-4167-c6c9-e394de0c7ded">RFC1123</a>, as this date/time format always expresses time as Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).</li><li>Optionally, if property <a href="cbca5da0-c370-7b30-f908-925116c3c7a5">ApplyTimeZoneToMetadata</a> is true, to convert extracted DateTime metadata that have Kind equal to Unspecified to UTC DateTime (Utc) values by assuming the metadata DateTime value is a local time in the specified timezone. Note: most document formats already store all DateTime metadata as UTC (and SDK extracts them that way) but some formats, mostly legacy formats, can have DateTime metadata not stored as UTC.</li></ol>





If the document or document collection to process is of unknown origin and of unknown time zone(s) then consider keeping CollectionTimeZone time zone to Utc and setting <a href="cbca5da0-c370-7b30-f908-925116c3c7a5">ApplyTimeZoneToMetadata</a> to false, their default values.

Default property value: TimeZoneInfo.Utc Value cannot be null.


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="2a6fdb19-95d1-bebd-c800-493c20a75b7e">TimeZoneAndEmailSettings Class</a>  
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
