# InventoryDirectoriesOnly Class


Inventories the input directory and all of its sub-directories. File system metadata is returned for every directory.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="fceb3c92-0603-4791-1c2a-f2ddc12b6c3b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Inventory</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK (in OpenDiscoverSDK.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public class InventoryDirectoriesOnly
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  InventoryDirectoriesOnly</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
Since modern file systems can contain petabytes of directories and files, this class has an event <a href="441a90cb-615a-7d4d-8ff6-d22b87b3e498">OnInventoryUpdate</a> that is called when the maximum directory enumerated count threshold <a href="066cd7e4-173a-78f9-887a-8d188c543cfb">InventoryUpdateEventMaxDirectoryCount</a> is reached and/or when all directories have been enumerated.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="eab7ff91-35f6-5e22-4965-3aa0821c1b13">InventoryDirectoriesOnly</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="66fef704-459d-e243-dd0d-b3caa8880199">CurrentTotalDirectoryCount</a></td>
<td>Total current number of directories enumerated.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="066cd7e4-173a-78f9-887a-8d188c543cfb">InventoryUpdateEventMaxDirectoryCount</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the directory count threshold that triggers the <a href="441a90cb-615a-7d4d-8ff6-d22b87b3e498">OnInventoryUpdate</a> event. The default value is 1,000,000 directories and the maximum value is 10,0000,000.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a3a19b0-5059-3250-004f-672566bb8a29">StartInventory</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="441a90cb-615a-7d4d-8ff6-d22b87b3e498">OnInventoryUpdate</a></td>
<td>This event is called using a maximum directory enumerated count threshold that triggers this event. An event handler subscriber is required.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="fceb3c92-0603-4791-1c2a-f2ddc12b6c3b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Inventory Namespace</a>  
