# LargeDocumentCritera Property


Defines the "large" document criteria, in bytes, that determines what type of content extractor is returned by the content extractor factory for "large" unknown/unsupported formats and also "large" encoded text based formats.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataMemberAttribute]
public long LargeDocumentCritera { get; set; }
```



#### Property Value
Int64

## Remarks

"Large" is a relative term and that this property defines.

If document size is greater than this property value for an unknown/unsupported format or 'large' encoded text file then either a <a href="15fe76f2-d9da-2d1d-0fde-5751a490457f">ILargeUnsupportedExtractor</a> or <a href="12e90c5d-c0eb-b570-10bb-3626709715dd">ILargeEncodedTextExtractor</a> is returned by the content extractor factory, respectively. These 2 interfaces take a stream argument for interface method ExtractContent, which should be a FileStream, to write the potentially very large amount of extracted text. The extracted text will not be set in the ExtractContent calls returned DocumentContent object's <a href="72ac3b45-72b3-56b8-7864-53f0d59552f4">ExtractedText</a> property, but will be written to the stream provided to the ExtractContent interface method.

See property <a href="e703d60d-4cc3-b9ae-58df-0a913e95be3e">UseLargeDocumentUTF16Encoding</a> for setting UTF-16 or UTF-8 for the text encoding used by the stream (UTF-16 is the default). If an encoded text file is already in a useful text encoding for indexing, then user may want to bypass calling the <a href="7daf27e8-315d-7f81-9ef2-401555f45876">ExtractContent(Stream)</a> method altogether or just to use the interface method to binary hash the original text file. To just binary hash a 'large' encoded text file set <a href="ab3ffa2a-75b2-4b19-57af-5c18921c9d68">ExtractionType</a> to <a href="7c5c2e3e-3fbb-2b71-9b82-3248062c5149">MetadataOnly</a> and <a href="55ba74b0-2e1a-d52f-d93f-9944a282ac2a">HashingSettings()</a> to <a href="ac4684ec-55e3-962b-0664-643a11484fb1">BinaryHashOnly</a>. See the "How To" section of the help file for more information.

Default property value: 104,857,600 bytes (100 MB) - that is, any unknown/unsupported or encoded text file length greater than this value is considered a 'large' document.

Valid range of property values: 50 MB (mega-bytes) - 2 GB (giga-bytes). Due to the maximum range of 2GB of this property, any file length, in bytes, over 2GB in size will always be considered a "large" document. This also corresponds to the maximum size of a .NET string (or any other CLR array).


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b65f5ca9-d476-8b01-b6d2-c47f988ba0a2">ContentExtractionSettings Class</a>  
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
