# ContentExtractionSettings Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad190570-83cd-f2eb-64c6-805810d5a8ca">EmbeddedObjectExtraction</a></td>
<td>Embedded document/attachment and embedded office media extraction setting.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5a66d42f-59c5-2455-cf95-a8926129c6fb">EntityExtractionSettings</a></td>
<td>Options for entity extraction in extracted text, metadata, and URLs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab3ffa2a-75b2-4b19-57af-5c18921c9d68">ExtractionType</a></td>
<td>Text and metadata extraction setting.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24f9266b-085c-c1e1-fbb8-5552de754a35">ExtractOfficeTrackedChanges</a></td>
<td>If true, appends tracked change information/text from office document formats (that support tracked changes) to the end of the document's extracted text; otherwise, tracked changes text is not appended to document's extracted text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b87b956b-f687-385a-3502-6307e6c7afde">Hashing</a></td>
<td>Document hashing settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c12c48b2-0ba9-e35a-4959-b7af622c8519">LanguageId</a></td>
<td>Language identification of extracted text settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="90aee97f-a132-9d0b-5c91-d6ac2eb95ace">LargeDocumentCritera</a></td>
<td>Defines the "large" document criteria, in bytes, that determines what type of content extractor is returned by the content extractor factory for "large" unknown/unsupported formats and also "large" encoded text based formats.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3bc2756e-88b5-9958-99ed-9e5fb170f7d2">PdfDocument</a></td>
<td>PDF document extraction settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2f4fff5-8995-332a-a331-c35a9f138763">TimeZoneAndEmail</a></td>
<td>Settings for document collection time zone and related extracted DateTime metadata and email extracted text DateTime display.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2e304cb-8803-14fc-d7a8-09c27365c6a0">UnsupportedFiltering</a></td>
<td>Binary-to-text filtering of unsupported/unknown document file format settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e703d60d-4cc3-b9ae-58df-0a913e95be3e">UseLargeDocumentUTF16Encoding</a></td>
<td>Determines if UTF-16 or UTF-8 encoding is used when writing the 'large' (see <a href="90aee97f-a132-9d0b-5c91-d6ac2eb95ace">LargeDocumentCritera</a>) unknown/unsupported format binary-to-text extracted text or to re-encode a 'large' encoded text file to the provided Stream.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b65f5ca9-d476-8b01-b6d2-c47f988ba0a2">ContentExtractionSettings Class</a>  
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
