# InventoryMode Enumeration


Inventory directory mode.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1c770892-a5f4-0d92-a48f-ee1036830f05">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Inventory.Legacy</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public enum InventoryMode
```



## Members
<table>
<tr>
<td>DirectoriesAndDocuments</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Inventories the input directory and all of its sub-directories and all documents (files) contained in all directories. File system metadata is returned for every directory and document (file).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DirectoriesOnly</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>Inventories the input directory and all of its sub-directories but gets only the total count and total size of documents (files) contained under each directory and its sub-drectories. File system metadata is returned for every directory. For file systems with potentially 10's of millions of documents it may not be possible to store all directory and document metadata in memory. This mode is safest (memory wise) for first pass directory only info "peek" on potentially very large file server directory/files hierarchies. DirectoriesAndDocuments or InputDirectoryDocumentsOnly can be made on folder subsets.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InputDirectoryDocumentsOnly</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>Inventories only the input directory argument for documents. No sub-directory information is returned and only the input directory <a href="51e6cf98-0a95-a036-a37e-c22528bb14a9">Documents</a> is populated (no sub-directory documents). This mode can be used after mode DirectoriesOnly to build processing sets for very large file server directory/file hierarchies.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DirectoryLevelDocInfoOnly</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>For each directory and sub-directory, this mode inventories only the count and size of documents contained immediately at that directory level (no sub-directory contained document counts or sizes are included in the result for each directory). <a href="51e6cf98-0a95-a036-a37e-c22528bb14a9">Documents</a> is NOT populated with document information in this mode.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1c770892-a5f4-0d92-a48f-ee1036830f05">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Inventory.Legacy Namespace</a>  
