# UserRequeueDocumentTypes Property


User defined HashSet of document format Id's (<a href="6f1047fb-7367-c09c-5621-ae7632c8404b">Id</a>) to not process further and mark as "requeue" for user custom processing workflow. If a document is found to have a format Id contained in this hash set, then its <a href="afc45d77-b73b-c2ea-47d8-95bb69deb137">Result</a> gets set to <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">UserRequeueAsSeparateTask</a> and is not processed further.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataMemberAttribute]
public HashSet<Id> UserRequeueDocumentTypes { get; set; }
```



#### Property Value
HashSet(<a href="6f1047fb-7367-c09c-5621-ae7632c8404b">Id</a>)

## Remarks

Note: Excluded document format types (see property <a href="3d71175b-1c68-135c-d074-98661a21c0f6">ExcludedDocumentTypes</a>) will be ignored for user requeue as custom task. Formats defined in <a href="3d71175b-1c68-135c-d074-98661a21c0f6">ExcludedDocumentTypes</a> take precedence over UserRequeueDocumentTypes.

The main use of this property is to allow for user custom processing of specific document format types. Another custom use, is to prevent binary-to-text extraction on unsupported file formats if the user knows this format contains no useful textual information.

A document that marked for "requeue", either as <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">RequeueAsSeparateTask</a> or <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">UserRequeueAsSeparateTask</a>, will have its file format identified, file bytes hashed, and its <a href="c9a576ae-b132-1356-9d30-abebe16ed30c">SHA1BinaryHash</a> compared to the NIST hash database (if <a href="9a14d9e6-6d58-1163-4789-91d54fe0dded">PerformNistCheck</a> is true) before being excluded from further processing.

This property setting has no effect if <a href="a5afd366-66ae-bb39-ccae-591a981c2a7d">ProcessingMode</a> property is set to either <a href="a3c0aacd-f8c6-fb24-7c39-75da5098add5">IdentificationOnly</a> and <a href="a3c0aacd-f8c6-fb24-7c39-75da5098add5">IdentificationWithContainerItemCount</a> because there is no text/metadata/embedded object extraction processing in these 2 modes.


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="15834f2e-5778-5912-a2cc-a92e9d2e78fb">DocumentTaskSettings Class</a>  
<a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings Namespace</a>  
