# IArchiveExtractor Interface


Archive content extractor interface.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public interface IArchiveExtractor : IContentExtractor, 
	IDisposable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>, IDisposable</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks

The IArchiveExtractor interface is the most complicated of the <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a> derived interfaces due to supporting several different types of archives. This interface handles the following types of archives: <table><tr><td>Solid block compressed, single file archive</td><td>Solid block compressed archives require a special extraction strategy to efficiently extract all items from the one or more internal compressed blocks. Solid block compression is a feature of 7-Zip and RAR formats to increase compression ratio by compressing file items together, instead of individually, in blocks. For this type of archive, methods <a href="1fbb1f20-0cfe-881a-5b6c-7a23cf8bccd9">ExtractContent(String)</a> and <a href="d6f285a5-6031-1242-10f2-3ce1f0c323d9">ExtractSolidBlockItems(GetItemStreamCallback, ItemExtractionFinishedCallback, String)</a> are used to get archive level item info/metadata and to efficiently extract archive items, respectively. Property <a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a> will be set to true for solid archives.</td></tr><tr><td>Split (multi-file), non-solid compressed archive</td><td>Archives that are split into multiple files that need to be processed together. For split, non-solid archives property <a href="218de38e-c718-553f-7868-b15989ce20bb">IsSplit</a> will be set to true and property <a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a> will be set to false. See methods <a href="1be2eb41-5844-4b52-7ad7-f7b82b466c70">ExtractContent(Stream[], String[], String)</a> and <a href="bfe60b4a-d6db-4da3-a602-be7d4d8d11b6">ExtractItem(Int32, Stream, String)</a>.</td></tr><tr><td>Split (multi-file) solid block compressed archive</td><td>Archives that are solid block compressed, split into multiple files (volumes), and are required to be processed together. Properties <a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a> and <a href="218de38e-c718-553f-7868-b15989ce20bb">IsSplit</a> will be set to true for this type of archive. See methods <a href="1be2eb41-5844-4b52-7ad7-f7b82b466c70">ExtractContent(Stream[], String[], String)</a> and <a href="d6f285a5-6031-1242-10f2-3ce1f0c323d9">ExtractSolidBlockItems(GetItemStreamCallback, ItemExtractionFinishedCallback, String)</a>.</td></tr><tr><td>"regular" archive</td><td>Single file archives that are not solid block compressed. Properties <a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a> and <a href="218de38e-c718-553f-7868-b15989ce20bb">IsSplit</a> will be set to false for "regular" archives. See methods <a href="1fbb1f20-0cfe-881a-5b6c-7a23cf8bccd9">ExtractContent(String)</a> and <a href="bfe60b4a-d6db-4da3-a602-be7d4d8d11b6">ExtractItem(Int32, Stream, String)</a>.</td></tr></table>




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf69ed8a-cc00-94f5-89c0-684d0889626e">CalculateArchiveBinaryHash</a></td>
<td>If true, instructs the IArchiveExtractor to calculate the archive binary hash (default value). If false, the archive will NOT be hashed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e5a4e4e-e9b6-73cc-6a6a-55a3c97ed0f7">ContentExtractorType</a></td>
<td>The derived, actual content extractor interface type.<br />(Inherited from <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a></td>
<td>If true, this archive is a 'solid' block compressed archive, i.e., an archive composed of one or more internal blocks of items that are compressed together as one.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="218de38e-c718-553f-7868-b15989ce20bb">IsSplit</a></td>
<td>If true, this archive is a split (multi-file) archive.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffa7eb8f-f7d8-bab5-57d5-63a3a93ff661">Length</a></td>
<td>Gets the document's length in bytes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64185674-96db-95a5-4531-f7a355b6251b">SupportsChildrenExtraction</a></td>
<td>If true, this content extractor supports attachment, embedded item, or container item extraction.<br />(Inherited from <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e0a7ef6-472c-13b5-1f7b-d74d88c2575c">SupportsDecryption</a></td>
<td>If true, this content extractor supports decrypting password protected documents.<br />(Inherited from <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="acceb8ba-eb46-13ad-a520-e1058ed447bb">SupportsMetadataExtraction</a></td>
<td>If true, this content extractor supports metadata extraction.<br />(Inherited from <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="080f604d-af95-717e-61e3-5b7e3848e1f8">SupportsTextExtraction</a></td>
<td>If true, this content extractor supports text extraction.<br />(Inherited from <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose</td>
<td>Performs application-defined tasks associated with freeing, releasing, or resetting unmanaged resources.<br />(Inherited from IDisposable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1fbb1f20-0cfe-881a-5b6c-7a23cf8bccd9">ExtractContent(String)</a></td>
<td>Extracts archive metadata and item information, if available, from non-split supported archive and media image formats.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1be2eb41-5844-4b52-7ad7-f7b82b466c70">ExtractContent(Stream[], String[], String)</a></td>
<td>Extracts archive metadata and item information, if available, from supported split (multi-file) archive or media image formats.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfe60b4a-d6db-4da3-a602-be7d4d8d11b6">ExtractItem</a></td>
<td>Extracts the archive file item to the specified stream. This method is for non-solid archives. See remarks.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6f285a5-6031-1242-10f2-3ce1f0c323d9">ExtractSolidBlockItems</a></td>
<td>Extracts archive items from a solid block compressed archive (<a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a> is true).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="368982df-91a8-7922-3952-56aa6f6da506">GetSplitSegmentStreamsInOrder</a></td>
<td>Helper method to get all split (multi-file) archive or media image segment (volume) streams and filenames in proper order using filename pattern matching.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="522af67b-0b37-29ef-5d38-dfe28c21a81f">OverrideContentExtractionSettings</a></td>
<td>Allows for overriding the <a href="b65f5ca9-d476-8b01-b6d2-c47f988ba0a2">ContentExtractionSettings</a> object used by a IContentExtractor instance that was returned by a call to OpenDiscoverSDK.ContentExtractorFactory.GetContentExtractor. See remarks for limitations.<br />(Inherited from <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="99e7c745-df9e-0b64-4aab-c0967e5dbf7a">TestItem</a></td>
<td>Tests the true expansion size of an archive item without expanding all of the item's data into memory or to file system.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d278163-ff09-ed93-1ee4-8b01df7a6143">TestSolidBlockItems</a></td>
<td>Tests the true expansion size of all solid block archive items without expanding the item data into memory or to file system.</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="031e2f5b-ab8b-b20d-4921-32a9cfb48cfc">ContentExtractionHeartbeat</a></td>
<td>Notification event that lets implementers of <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a> know that content extraction is still under process. See remarks.<br />(Inherited from <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors Namespace</a>  
