# OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform Namespace



Open Discover® Platform for .NET - Offers software developers a higher level implementation of document processing built entirely upon the Open Discover® SDK.

For those developers tasked with frequently identifying and extracting content from many thousands to millions of documents, Open Discover® Platform offers <a href="55591a84-1c9a-5c6d-eefe-62a2134d5370">DocumentTaskEngine</a>: a .NET highly parallel document processing class designed to process thousands of documents recursively* as a single task or to process large archives and mail stores as a single standalone task or as a distributed and partitioned** task.

* Recursively means a container's (or document's) child documents and any attachment or embedded item contained within these child documents (and so on), are processed until no more child documents can be extracted in the parent/child hierarchy. A container or document parent/child hierarchy is completely unrolled and processed.

** Large archives and mailstores can be partitioned into multiple simultaneous tasks using multiple distributed instances of <a href="55591a84-1c9a-5c6d-eefe-62a2134d5370">DocumentTaskEngine</a> to simultaneously process these partitions for faster and more fault tolerant processing. For example, a 50 GB Outlook PST with 200K email objects can be partitioned into 4 tasks with 4 instances of <a href="55591a84-1c9a-5c6d-eefe-62a2134d5370">DocumentTaskEngine</a> each processing a partition set of 50K email objects.

Open Discover® Platform for .NET System Requirements: <ul><li><strong>Supported .NET versions:</strong> – .NET 6 (x64 builds only)</li><li><strong>Minimum supported client</strong> – Windows 7</li><li><strong>Minimum supported server</strong> – Windows Server 2008 R2[desktop apps | UWP apps]</li><li><strong>Minimum supported hardware requirements for performance</strong> – Intel i7 4-core hyper-threaded with 16 GB of RAM and the equivalent architecture for servers.</li></ul>






## Classes
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="55591a84-1c9a-5c6d-eefe-62a2134d5370">DocumentTaskEngine</a></td>
<td>Provides functionality to extract content from hundreds to thousands of documents as a single task (see <a href="15834f2e-5778-5912-a2cc-a92e9d2e78fb">DocumentTaskSettings</a>), or from "large" archives and mail store containers that deserve their own separate tasks. The DocumentTaskEngine is a highly parallel document extraction engine that completely unrolls and processes deep parent document/child document (attachments/embedded objects/media) hierarchies.</td></tr>
</table>

## Delegates
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="40c47c86-7853-a407-bcef-af222582647e">NistDatabaseCreationUpdateDelegate</a></td>
<td>Delegate to update NIST National Software Reference Library (NSRL) Reference Data Set (RDS) database creation progress.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="745a06f2-18f7-dfb9-0033-67878cd175ed">TaskCompletedHandler</a></td>
<td>Task completed delegate.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3dbc57f3-3e54-37bc-8bf2-470b4a8e895d">TaskFatalExceptionHandler</a></td>
<td>Task fatal error exception delegate.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1808832c-ad09-5e25-18bd-aeb111c99bea">TaskLogUpdatedHandler</a></td>
<td>Task log updated delegate.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d3daf95-c9fc-6d87-a64d-d49dd674e9cd">TaskLongProcessingDocumentWarningHandler</a></td>
<td>Task long processing document warning delegate.</td></tr>
</table>