# ContainerFolder Class


Represents an internal folder in a container format such as an archive directory or Microsoft Outlook PST/OST folder.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79f11d04-c275-b915-db5b-ab2227989555">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Content</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class ContainerFolder
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ContainerFolder</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
Container documents, i.e., documents that contain other documents (e.g., .zip, .rar, Outlook PST, Exchange Server (.edb), etc.), have internal folders that organize the contained child documents.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7ca47a7-03e3-c14c-4f8e-2aa955bd31fa">ContainerFolder</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the ContainerFolder class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="51d47a01-4b4f-05c1-a2f7-b3878afc51fa">ContentCount</a></td>
<td>Content count of this folder (this does not include the content count of sub-folders).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0029a144-911a-d5a4-f18d-a6dfa35681c0">DisplayName</a></td>
<td>Folder display name.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2cd4a34-f4c4-4a86-ff1b-ddd991ae3de0">IsRoot</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether this folder is the root folder. See remarks.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28499f77-cf21-f66f-722e-0526bf143c62">Path</a></td>
<td>Full relative path of the folder.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46686d1e-ac5e-3d63-f9d9-bee5887f86a0">SubFolderPathDictionary</a></td>
<td>Dictionary with sub-folder path as key (and key does not have trailing path char '\\').</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66e9889d-8d08-38d5-35bb-a33da7fb372a">SubFolders</a></td>
<td>All sub-folders of this folder.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b3cb88b-5056-c821-16e9-f0b25d360d50">AddSubFolder</a></td>
<td>RESERVED. Adds a related path to a root folder. Used internally by SDK.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79f11d04-c275-b915-db5b-ab2227989555">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Content Namespace</a>  
