# ContentExtractionSettings Class


Main document content extraction settings class.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class ContentExtractionSettings
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ContentExtractionSettings</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="15834f2e-5778-5912-a2cc-a92e9d2e78fb">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings.DocumentTaskSettings</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks

An instance of this class is a required argument in a call to SDK API method ContentExtractorFactory.GetContentExtractor to control what type of content is extracted from documents by the <a href="94fa03c2-ad71-ecdc-48b0-48fb7ff40e45">IContentExtractor</a> derived extraction interfaces.


## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="21264fb5-80f2-524b-56a1-a6ec60fe94aa">ContentExtractionSettings</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad190570-83cd-f2eb-64c6-805810d5a8ca">EmbeddedObjectExtraction</a></td>
<td>Embedded document/attachment and embedded office media extraction setting.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5a66d42f-59c5-2455-cf95-a8926129c6fb">EntityExtractionSettings</a></td>
<td>Options for entity extraction in extracted text, metadata, and URLs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab3ffa2a-75b2-4b19-57af-5c18921c9d68">ExtractionType</a></td>
<td>Text and metadata extraction setting.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24f9266b-085c-c1e1-fbb8-5552de754a35">ExtractOfficeTrackedChanges</a></td>
<td>If true, appends tracked change information/text from office document formats (that support tracked changes) to the end of the document's extracted text; otherwise, tracked changes text is not appended to document's extracted text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b87b956b-f687-385a-3502-6307e6c7afde">Hashing</a></td>
<td>Document hashing settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c12c48b2-0ba9-e35a-4959-b7af622c8519">LanguageId</a></td>
<td>Language identification of extracted text settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="90aee97f-a132-9d0b-5c91-d6ac2eb95ace">LargeDocumentCritera</a></td>
<td>Defines the "large" document criteria, in bytes, that determines what type of content extractor is returned by the content extractor factory for "large" unknown/unsupported formats and also "large" encoded text based formats.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3bc2756e-88b5-9958-99ed-9e5fb170f7d2">PdfDocument</a></td>
<td>PDF document extraction settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2f4fff5-8995-332a-a331-c35a9f138763">TimeZoneAndEmail</a></td>
<td>Settings for document collection time zone and related extracted DateTime metadata and email extracted text DateTime display.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2e304cb-8803-14fc-d7a8-09c27365c6a0">UnsupportedFiltering</a></td>
<td>Binary-to-text filtering of unsupported/unknown document file format settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e703d60d-4cc3-b9ae-58df-0a913e95be3e">UseLargeDocumentUTF16Encoding</a></td>
<td>Determines if UTF-16 or UTF-8 encoding is used when writing the 'large' (see <a href="90aee97f-a132-9d0b-5c91-d6ac2eb95ace">LargeDocumentCritera</a>) unknown/unsupported format binary-to-text extracted text or to re-encode a 'large' encoded text file to the provided Stream.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
