# InventoryDirectoriesAndFiles Class


Inventories the input directory and all of its sub-directories and all files contained in the directory and its sub-directories. File system metadata is returned for every directory and document (file).



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="fceb3c92-0603-4791-1c2a-f2ddc12b6c3b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Inventory</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK (in OpenDiscoverSDK.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public class InventoryDirectoriesAndFiles
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  InventoryDirectoriesAndFiles</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
Since modern file systems can contain many thousands of directories and millions of files, this class has an event <a href="9de1acfc-376b-3285-0f9f-1b4b51e503cf">OnInventoryUpdate</a> that is called when the maximum file enumerated count threshold (see contructor argument 'inventoryUpdateEventMaxFileCount') is reached and/or when all directories and files have been enumerated.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="62623a11-3168-1bea-5ee8-17d368b4948f">InventoryDirectoriesAndFiles</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the InventoryDirectoriesAndFiles class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="36790af7-8688-27d5-6892-8e2f7539c64b">CurrentTotalFileCount</a></td>
<td>Total current number of files enumerated.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75eda24c-2a04-3ad1-97be-f291f54810d1">StartInventory</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1671fefe-15e6-d4d6-07a9-42db957cea01">OnInventoryCompleted</a></td>
<td>This event is called when inventory is complete.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9de1acfc-376b-3285-0f9f-1b4b51e503cf">OnInventoryUpdate</a></td>
<td>This event is called using a maximum file enumerated count threshold that triggers this event. An event handler subscriber is required.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="fceb3c92-0603-4791-1c2a-f2ddc12b6c3b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Inventory Namespace</a>  
