# Hyperlink Class


Represents a document hyperlink.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79f11d04-c275-b915-db5b-ab2227989555">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Content</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class Hyperlink
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Hyperlink</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks

At this time, document hyperlinks are only supported for HTML, Microsoft Office Word, PowerPoint, and Excel 2007 and higher, and Open Document formats.

For the supported formats other than HTML dodcuments, only external document hyperlinks are extracted, i.e., hyperlinks that link to other parts of the document are not extracted. For HTML documents all hyperlinks that have at least one supported hyperlink attribute set to a non-empty value are extracted.


## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="22407960-9cd9-f6ff-5f23-60b23f83b630">Hyperlink</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the Hyperlink class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb5a2d0a-b5fb-0485-75bc-b8230efbb21d">Download</a></td>
<td>The download attribute specifies that the target will be downloaded when a user clicks on the hyperlink and this attribute value is the name of the downloaded file.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c1ede1f-b2ae-014d-d303-ef5844e13332">IsExternalLink</a></td>
<td><p>If the document is an HTML document, then value is only true if hyperlink is a "link" HTML element and specifies a link between the document and an external resource, and false if hyperlink is an "a" HTML element.</p><p>

For all other non-HTML file formats this specifies if hyperlink is an external document link.</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="004c5b11-7af5-f0ca-84f8-6098b18dcdef">Ping</a></td>
<td>Typically used for monitoring/tracking - specifies a list of URLs to be notified if the user follows the hyperlink.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af638255-e7b5-e7d0-cb81-0b44d034ec97">RefLang</a></td>
<td>Specifies the language of the linked document.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5d4f5862-d16a-1397-845d-d36fcc94f10c">Relationship</a></td>
<td>The 'rel' attribute specifies the relationship between the current document and the linked document.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c704ecbd-b67f-2e03-d388-05ed8c2671aa">Target</a></td>
<td>The target attribute specifies where to open the linked document.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4499232-00e6-3696-5e43-3a9a95dd4479">Text</a></td>
<td>Hyperlink inner text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e730ea4-687f-9508-69a0-e447e1a93d3a">Type</a></td>
<td>The type attribute specifies the internet media type (formerly known as MIME type) of the linked document (e.g., "text/html").</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3fb04d30-1fe2-d4e0-4e6b-8ca0b5478d9d">Url</a></td>
<td>Specifies the URL ("href" attribute) of the page the link goes to.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79f11d04-c275-b915-db5b-ab2227989555">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Content Namespace</a>  
