# MapiNamedPropertyRequest Class


Requests a MAPI named property be extracted from Outlook .msg file formats as metadata, if it exists.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class MapiNamedPropertyRequest : IMapiPropertyRequest
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MapiNamedPropertyRequest</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="dcf42947-4236-4ac8-3e63-1b334778cbac">IMapiPropertyRequest</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
MAPI named properties are mapped to property sets that are defined by a unique GUIDs. The user will need to know the property set GUID that the specific named property that they want extracted is mapped to. See the "Exchange Server Protocols Master Property List" [MS-OXPROPS] specification.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="cca368ed-d304-6209-6871-2d4ce906e095">MapiNamedPropertyRequest()</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41a8829a-c2a2-e82e-8ac3-836df957a715">MapiNamedPropertyRequest(Guid, String)</a></td>
<td>Defines a request for a string named property that is defined in a MAPI named property set uniquely identified by the Guid argument.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f0faea2-5348-05ac-1eab-9552767ab096">MapiNamedPropertyRequest(Guid, UInt32, String)</a></td>
<td>Defines a request for a numerial named property that is defined in a MAPI named property set uniquely identified by the Guid argument.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="a86f6306-d9ca-86ab-0e24-e9546a33c9a4">CanonicalName</a></td>
<td>The canonical string name, in combination with <a href="d22a54de-4173-1658-16b6-3610d9501cbf">PropertySetGuid</a>, defines a string named property. This property is only defined if <a href="aae56ad9-a943-1430-4e08-b4b07cdb5312">IsString</a> is true.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aae56ad9-a943-1430-4e08-b4b07cdb5312">IsString</a></td>
<td>Gets whether this property is string named property (value stored in property <a href="a86f6306-d9ca-86ab-0e24-e9546a33c9a4">CanonicalName</a>). If false, it is a numerical named property whose value is stored in propery <a href="3260da8e-b4aa-d140-c25f-9ac3e43e7de1">LID</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3260da8e-b4aa-d140-c25f-9ac3e43e7de1">LID</a></td>
<td>A 32-bit quantity that, in combination with a <a href="d22a54de-4173-1658-16b6-3610d9501cbf">PropertySetGuid</a>, defines a numerical named property. This property is only defined if <a href="aae56ad9-a943-1430-4e08-b4b07cdb5312">IsString</a> is false.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d22a54de-4173-1658-16b6-3610d9501cbf">PropertySetGuid</a></td>
<td>Guid which identifies the property set that this named property belongs to.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="047cb614-2434-e14a-065d-4bba13a79fcd">RequestType</a></td>
<td>MAPI property request type.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
