# ExportSettings Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d8f1175-687c-0031-0014-cf9c83522e17">AreBooleanFieldsYesNo</a></td>
<td>If true (the default), boolean fields get output as "Yes" or "No" (if false, they get output as "True" or "False")</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe4fb6f9-8c43-186b-e662-c0f6b02f6eaa">ControlNumbersToExportHashSet</a></td>
<td>[Optional]: If non-null, this hash set contains all document control numbers to export from the document data archive.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8ea6cb6-7e80-ed05-ba9b-eecc8837d172">Fields</a></td>
<td>All fields to be exported. See <a href="c211e12b-bab6-3a74-8d20-98cbaf5466ef">GetSupportedExportFields()</a> to get a list of all supported export fields (see also <a href="14b346a1-a63a-760e-7764-a96fc4a66bf3">ExportField</a>).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="47de5ef8-9b4d-b792-64ec-3a66cca8885a">ImportAPIPassword</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY. Used for Relativity direct import API.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="82aa3636-33f2-a456-594e-3e33fe170563">ImportAPIUrl</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY. Used for Relativity direct import API.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="39cfe68e-a585-242d-0432-5f60d473d821">ImportAPIUsername</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY. Used for Relativity direct import API.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95308578-e1f2-d09f-094b-ad80b69dcba7">ImportAPIWorkspaceArtifactID</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY. Used for Relativity direct import API.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eaffbd34-6e45-b27f-efba-e564d528f27d">ImportAPIWorkspaceArtifactTypeID</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY. Used for Relativity direct import API.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="083381c6-6516-6ea2-6ebd-bfdb5fbad0f3">IncludeNistFiles</a></td>
<td>Required user input: If true, include NIST documents in load file (default is false).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53566a4b-bebb-62e4-d213-51e4ba42724d">IncludeRequeueAsSeparateTaskFiles</a></td>
<td>Optional user input: If true, includes documents that have <a href="afc45d77-b73b-c2ea-47d8-95bb69deb137">Result</a> equal to <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">RequeueAsSeparateTask</a> or <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">UserRequeueAsSeparateTask</a>. If false, these documents are not written to load file (false is the default property value).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6675a31e-cb4a-9b8d-3cd3-5143f61e0435">IncludeTopLevelInputContainers</a></td>
<td>Required user input: If true, includes top level input containers in load file. If false, they are not written to load file (false is the default property value).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0425a759-536f-2f41-899f-df0ae2460f79">LoadFileFullPath</a></td>
<td>Required user input: The full path of the load file to create.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ea4e557-677f-42ce-ee69-82741ca446fe">MaxEntityItemsPerTypePerRecord</a></td>
<td>Required user input: Maximum number of entity items (per type) per document record to write as delimited field. This limit is to protected against writing potentially 10's of 1000's of items such as addresses to one document record. Default value is 200000.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="464503c8-ff72-d4ba-2cc7-a88cb316e491">UseFilenameAsDocGuidField</a></td>
<td>If true, replaces the Open Discover created DocGuid field with the file's input filename with no extension (default is false). This field SHOULD always be set to false unless the user is wanting to process extracted text/native files that have been exported with Document ID's as their file names. See remarks.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6a01053-60a8-314a-90c7-39dfcb725a70">UseImportAPI</a></td>
<td>INTERNAL USE ONLY. Used for Relativity direct import API.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="56e9f812-3e4a-2e4f-2afc-77683e7e6468">ExportSettings Class</a>  
<a href="64ba929d-e4db-0192-acbb-9e65aff4a599">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.LoadFile Namespace</a>  
