# LongProcessingDocumentCriteriaInSec Property


Long processing document criteria, in seconds, specifies an elapsed time criteria when the first DocumentTaskEngine.LongProcessingDocumentWarning event is fired (if at all).



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataMemberAttribute]
public int LongProcessingDocumentCriteriaInSec { get; set; }
```



#### Property Value
Int32

## Remarks

A long processing document is a document which has not completed processing and where no other documents or extracted child documents have been completed in 'LongProcessingDocumentCriteriaInSec' seconds. This argument should be sufficiently large to account for PDF documents with 1000's of pages, e.g., a 20K page PDF, or very large financial industry Excel (.xlsx) files which can potentially take a several minutes to extract content.

The SDK and DocumentTaskEngine have not been tested against every malformed document or large document in the world, and this criteria property and the corresponding DocumentTaskEngine.LongProcessingDocumentWarning event are a safety guard against any extremely large document (ex: 20K page PDF), software bug, or malformed document causing an infinite loop DocumentTaskEngine processing thread.

If the for some reason the DocumentTaskEngine.LongProcessingDocumentWarning event was fired and the developer decided to abort the document task, the developer should come up with a strategy for re-queuing the failed task. For example, if the aborted task was a DocumentSetTaskSettings task with 1,000 input documents, the developer may want to requeue the original task as 4 new DocumentSetTaskSettings tasks each with 250 documents. In this case, at least 3 of the 4 new tasks should complete with and the 1 task containing the malformed document may not.

Default value: 1800 seconds (30 minutes). Valid property value range: 180-7200 seconds (3 min - 2 hours)


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="15834f2e-5778-5912-a2cc-a92e9d2e78fb">DocumentTaskSettings Class</a>  
<a href="a4de3d25-b44d-10c7-9f7b-6e96e612f300">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.Settings Namespace</a>  
