# ExtractSolidBlockItems Method


Extracts archive items from a solid block compressed archive (<a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a> is true).



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
ContentResult ExtractSolidBlockItems(
	GetItemStreamCallback itemGetStreamCallback,
	ItemExtractionFinishedCallback itemFinishedCallback,
	string password = null
)
```



#### Parameters
<dl><dt>  <a href="455f3505-dfb6-e658-c36c-d6d665bc2956">GetItemStreamCallback</a></dt><dd>Callback delegate called for each item in archive in order to supply a stream to be used for the decompressed archive child item's data.</dd><dt>  <a href="4f021e7b-fb71-4d6d-c912-c56f4bc9d577">ItemExtractionFinishedCallback</a></dt><dd>Callback delegate called for each item when extraction to supplied stream is finished.</dd><dt>  String  (Optional)</dt><dd><p>Optional password (default is null). Solid compressed archive items have the same password if encrypted because they are compressed and encrypted together into solid blocks.</p><p>

Check the returned <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">ContentResult</a>, if <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">WrongPassword</a> is the value, then user can make subsequent calls to this method using a different password until <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">Ok</a> is returned or there are no more passwords to try.</p></dd></dl>

#### Return Value
<a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">ContentResult</a>  
A <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">ContentResult</a> enumerated result. If the returned value is <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">WrongPassword</a> then the solid block compressed archive items require a decryption password. User can make subsequent calls to this method using a password until <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">Ok</a> is returned or there are no more passwords to try.

## Remarks

Solid archives (<a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a> is true) have all items compressed into 1 or more internal blocks. By compressing more files together in blocks, greater compression ratios can be achieved.

This method is the most efficient way (fastest) to extract all archive items from solid block archives.

This method will throw an exception if called for a non-solid archive, i.e., <a href="21a19556-7131-cde4-a808-e53aa60ca73b">IsSolid</a> is false.


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="9d2fb8da-9eff-b1d9-e027-a4b2d24993e8">IArchiveExtractor Interface</a>  
<a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors Namespace</a>  
