# JsonInterfaceConverterAttribute Class


System.Text.Json attribute for serialization of interfaces (see <a href="dcf42947-4236-4ac8-3e63-1b334778cbac">IMapiPropertyRequest</a>).



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[AttributeUsageAttribute(AttributeTargets.Interface, AllowMultiple = false)]
public class JsonInterfaceConverterAttribute : JsonConverterAttribute
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Attribute  →  JsonAttribute  →  JsonConverterAttribute  →  JsonInterfaceConverterAttribute</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="acd45b82-4ad1-d5fb-44c0-1f53526a29ac">JsonInterfaceConverterAttribute</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>ConverterType</td>
<td>Gets the type of the JsonConverterAttribute, or null if it was created without a type.<br />(Inherited from JsonConverterAttribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TypeId</td>
<td>When implemented in a derived class, gets a unique identifier for this Attribute.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CreateConverter</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class and ConverterType is null, allows the derived class to create a JsonConverter in order to pass additional state.<br />(Inherited from JsonConverterAttribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value that indicates whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for this instance.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDefaultAttribute</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, indicates whether the value of this instance is the default value for the derived class.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Match</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, returns a value that indicates whether this instance equals a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
