# UnsupportedFilteringSettings Class


Unsupported document filtering settings.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class UnsupportedFilteringSettings
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  UnsupportedFilteringSettings</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks

Unsupported, unknown, and corrupted documents can be filtered for useful text using a proprietary binary-to-text filtering algorithm.

If <a href="ab3ffa2a-75b2-4b19-57af-5c18921c9d68">ExtractionType</a> is set to <a href="7c5c2e3e-3fbb-2b71-9b82-3248062c5149">MetadataOnly</a> then the properties of this class are ignored because no text is extracted in metadata only mode.


## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="94474c53-fa8e-1197-d2d7-aa512e66d908">UnsupportedFilteringSettings</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e0ee898a-40ac-d6ee-fac7-edcfa434d4a8">FilteringType</a></td>
<td>Binary-to-text filtering of unsupported/unknown document file format options.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c828d9b3-2de5-54da-5b05-97bf1fd16145">FilterMinWordLength</a></td>
<td>Binary-to-text filtering minimum word length, in characters. If binary-to-text filtered word lengths are less than this value then they may not show up in extracted text (see remarks).</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53f12687-cd9a-b794-b3d1-2e3fa328f962">LargeUnsupportedMaxFilteredChars</a></td>
<td>Limits the numbers of filtered characters that are written to a stream (should be a FileStream) by <a href="fb035887-c435-38e6-6d15-1c4df08a4e5d">ExtractContent(Stream)</a>.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
