# LoadFileResult Class


This class contains results on the number and types of document records written to load file or excluded from the load file.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="64ba929d-e4db-0192-acbb-9e65aff4a599">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.LoadFile</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public class LoadFileResult
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  LoadFileResult</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="56e72dbd-5dc3-f201-d64c-4583b3396769">LoadFileResult</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="4791b0b6-faf7-6f03-315f-4893f5a4f575">DocumentDataArchiveParseTimeMs</a></td>
<td>Total time to parse the document data archive (.dda) file, in [ms].</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4422490-cba4-4155-9e48-d154f90ac4b0">TotalAttachmentAndTextFilesFlattened</a></td>
<td>If the processing task DocumentTaskSettings.OutputMode was set to <a href="a041a2d2-b2ef-2b6d-56fb-23d653640aec">Archive</a>, then attachments and text files are in Open Discover archive formats. This property returns the total number of attachment and text files that were "flattened" out of attachment data archives (.ada) and text data archives (.tda) into individual flat files. This value will be 0 if DocumentTaskSettings.OutputMode was set to <a href="a041a2d2-b2ef-2b6d-56fb-23d653640aec">IndividualFiles</a> for this processing output.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4bb77aa6-e634-10fc-a20e-3c657a06b635">TotalNumOfArchivesExcluded</a></td>
<td>Total number of container document records excluded from the load file. See <a href="6675a31e-cb4a-9b8d-3cd3-5143f61e0435">IncludeTopLevelInputContainers</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3075f8f3-cb99-072a-130f-88a552065764">TotalNumOfDocumentRecords</a></td>
<td>Total number of document records read from the document data archive (.dda) file.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="be239c71-8d67-941e-f8ce-bd94f519e105">TotalNumOfDocumentRecordsWritten</a></td>
<td>Total number of document records written to the load file.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fda40b25-4a9f-d12c-d7c6-db19b2f0e871">TotalNumOfDocumentsNotInExportHashSet</a></td>
<td>Total number of document records excluded from the load file export because their <a href="5bf04a4e-5496-1528-2730-041321ca181e">DocControlNumber</a> was not in optional <a href="fe4fb6f9-8c43-186b-e662-c0f6b02f6eaa">ControlNumbersToExportHashSet</a>. This exclusion option is only used if <a href="fe4fb6f9-8c43-186b-e662-c0f6b02f6eaa">ControlNumbersToExportHashSet</a> is non-null.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e275b1c2-5c07-02cd-1ea5-714a9f4edfbd">TotalNumOfNistDocumentsExcluded</a></td>
<td>Total number of NIST document records excluded from the load file. See <a href="083381c6-6516-6ea2-6ebd-bfdb5fbad0f3">IncludeNistFiles</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ac4fb69-b7ad-105e-aca7-a78b7c653339">TotalNumOfRequeueDocumentsExcluded</a></td>
<td>Total number of "re-queue" document records excluded from the load file. See <a href="53566a4b-bebb-62e4-d213-51e4ba42724d">IncludeRequeueAsSeparateTaskFiles</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7ec824b-88ed-7299-401b-b3e5537ec116">TotalRecordCreationTimeMs</a></td>
<td>Total time to create load file document records, in [ms].</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56deadea-080c-b701-90bf-37c2a6bd727c">TotalTimeToFlattenAttachmentAndTextFilesMs</a></td>
<td>If the processing task <a href="4334f753-3ce0-61e6-d436-492365ada853">OutputMode</a> was set to <a href="a041a2d2-b2ef-2b6d-56fb-23d653640aec">Archive</a>, then attachments and text files are in Open Discover archive formats. This property returns the total time ([ms]) that it took to "flatten" archive stored attachment and text files. This value will be 0 if DocumentTaskSettings.OutputMode was set to <a href="a041a2d2-b2ef-2b6d-56fb-23d653640aec">IndividualFiles</a> for the processing output.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="64ba929d-e4db-0192-acbb-9e65aff4a599">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Platform.LoadFile Namespace</a>  
