# ExtractContent Method


Extracts database level metadata and table information.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
DatabaseContent ExtractContent(
	string databaseFilePath = null,
	string password = null
)
```



#### Parameters
<dl><dt>  String  (Optional)</dt><dd>Optional database file path. If known the user should pass in this database's full file path. Although not necessary for supported Microsoft Access database files, current and future database file formats may need to be opened again internally via special API calls related to the database file format.</dd><dt>  String  (Optional)</dt><dd>Optional password (default is null). Check the returned <a href="8071a23b-2b6e-aaa1-4ac1-f60ddf524d75">Result</a> value, if <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">WrongPassword</a> is the value then this archive requires a decryption password. User can make subsequent calls to this method using a password until <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">Ok</a> is returned or there are no more passwords to try.</dd></dl>

#### Return Value
<a href="0642e321-3e14-a0e4-3bd5-4f74bc3036cb">DatabaseContent</a>  
A <a href="0642e321-3e14-a0e4-3bd5-4f74bc3036cb">DatabaseContent</a> object. If <a href="8071a23b-2b6e-aaa1-4ac1-f60ddf524d75">Result</a> value is <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">WrongPassword</a> then this archive requires a decryption password. User can make subsequent calls to this method using a password until <a href="ff0037ea-a44f-2c8c-d4c2-7a636e133434">Ok</a> is returned or there are no more passwords to try.

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="72878ee2-8469-dfe5-15b3-d1f3c9fb8ed8">IDatabaseExtractor Interface</a>  
<a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors Namespace</a>  
