# GetMessagesByNodeId Method


Gets a specific message objects from the mail store as <a href="b03bea52-0626-6949-6cc8-dc453414dd35">ChildDocument</a> objects. It is important to see the remarks.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
IEnumerable<ChildDocument> GetMessagesByNodeId(
	List<long> childNodeIds
)
```



#### Parameters
<dl><dt>  List(Int64)</dt><dd>A list of <a href="4effc214-cdc4-1426-caa8-d819df521314">NodeId</a> values that identify the message objects to retrieve. See remarks.</dd></dl>

#### Return Value
IEnumerable(<a href="b03bea52-0626-6949-6cc8-dc453414dd35">ChildDocument</a>)  
Native email message object as a <a href="b03bea52-0626-6949-6cc8-dc453414dd35">ChildDocument</a>. The email object's native binary data is contained in the <a href="683c2f3f-10f3-083c-8b83-c3398875f011">DocumentBytes</a> property.

## Remarks

Do NOT mix use of methods <a href="7eb8509f-105a-703e-dd60-73d8b72d6dd6">GetNextMessage()</a> and GetMessagesByNodeId(List(Int64)) using the same <a href="b6b002d9-7dfa-acce-2221-db203d4ffcfa">IMailStoreExtractor</a> instance.

The email object's native data is contained in the <a href="683c2f3f-10f3-083c-8b83-c3398875f011">DocumentBytes</a> property.

This method is only useful if the user has extracted the mail store's message objects once before and has stored the <a href="4effc214-cdc4-1426-caa8-d819df521314">NodeId</a> field. Individual message objects can then be exported from the mail store container at a later date using the <a href="4effc214-cdc4-1426-caa8-d819df521314">NodeId</a> as the argument to this method.

For Outlook PST/OST mail stores the node ID is the internal node ID of the PST/OST mail store. For all other supported mail store formats <a href="4effc214-cdc4-1426-caa8-d819df521314">NodeId</a> is the same as <a href="5a0378dc-735c-57d7-6c2f-8a7bf3908407">Index</a>, that is, all message node IDs are zero-offset and sequential. This method is not supported by format <a href="6f1047fb-7367-c09c-5621-ae7632c8404b">OutlookForMacMailbox</a>.

NOTE: For MBOX type mail store containers if the input argument node ID list is not in ascending order, then the order the message objects are returned by the enumerator will be different than the order of childNodeIds list, so check the <a href="4effc214-cdc4-1426-caa8-d819df521314">NodeId</a> of the returned message object(s).


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b6b002d9-7dfa-acce-2221-db203d4ffcfa">IMailStoreExtractor Interface</a>  
<a href="66cb506c-7b83-62d0-4a83-d345a647f76a">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Extractors Namespace</a>  
