# EmailDateTimeFormat Enumeration


Formatted date/time options for extracted email text dates.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public enum EmailDateTimeFormat
```



## Remarks
These date/time formats only apply to email sent dates, appointment start/end dates, task dates, and journal dates in the extracted text of email formats.

## Members
<table>
<tr>
<td>MonthDayYearTime</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><p>Month/Day/Year short time pattern.</p><p>

This format corresponds to the .NET DateTime "MM/dd/yyyy h:mm tt" format specifier (InvariantCulture) with optional UTC offset if <a href="fa8e5b9e-4555-8c14-93b4-cf556e2dcdb3">ShowUtcOffsetForTime</a> is true.</p><p>

Example: 6/15/2009 8:46 PM</p><p>

Example: 6/15/2009 8:46 PM UTC-7:00 (UTC offset only displayed if <a href="fa8e5b9e-4555-8c14-93b4-cf556e2dcdb3">ShowUtcOffsetForTime</a> is true)</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FullDateShortTime</td>
<td>1</td>
<td><p>Full date/short time pattern.</p><p>

This format corresponds to the .NET DateTime "dddd, dd MMMM yyyy h:mm tt" format specifier (InvariantCulture) with optional UTC offset if <a href="fa8e5b9e-4555-8c14-93b4-cf556e2dcdb3">ShowUtcOffsetForTime</a> is true.</p><p>

Example: Monday, June 15, 2009 8:45 PM</p><p>

Example: Monday, June 15, 2009 8:45 PM UTC-7:00 (UTC offset only displayed if <a href="fa8e5b9e-4555-8c14-93b4-cf556e2dcdb3">ShowUtcOffsetForTime</a> is true)</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>YearMonthDayTime</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><p>Year/Month/Day short time pattern.</p><p>

This format corresponds to the .NET DateTime "yyyy/MM/dd h:mm tt" format specifier (InvariantCulture) with optional UTC offset if <a href="fa8e5b9e-4555-8c14-93b4-cf556e2dcdb3">ShowUtcOffsetForTime</a> is true.</p><p>

Example: 2009/06/15 8:46 PM</p><p>

Example: 2009/06/15 8:46 PM UTC-7:00 (UTC offset only displayed if <a href="fa8e5b9e-4555-8c14-93b4-cf556e2dcdb3">ShowUtcOffsetForTime</a> is true)</p></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RFC1123</td>
<td>3</td>
<td><p>RFC 1123 standard format. This format always specifies time as Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).</p><p>

This format corresponds to the .NET DateTime "ddd, dd MMM yyyy HH':'mm':'ss 'GMT'" format specifier. The RFC1123 format is a defined standard, and it is always the same, regardless of the culture.</p><p>

Properties <a href="8f7e66ca-b956-64c6-5813-3cc7dbc5671e">CollectionTimeZone</a> and <a href="fa8e5b9e-4555-8c14-93b4-cf556e2dcdb3">ShowUtcOffsetForTime</a> are always ignored for this setting since this format always displays UTC time.</p><p>

Example: Thu, 10 Apr 2008 13:30:00 GMT</p></td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a1516a26-c3bc-5b32-80d1-92d32506d831">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings Namespace</a>  
