# EntityExtractionSettings Class


Entity extraction settings.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="426e0aba-3c94-7f71-597c-2ec5efa7782b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings.TextAnalytics</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces (in OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
[DataContractAttribute]
public class EntityExtractionSettings
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EntityExtractionSettings</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
The entity extractions provided by the Open Discover SDK are not purposed or intended to satisfy any state or federal personally identifiable information (PII), PHI, nor FERPA regulatory requirements.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="25653fd9-c5de-f0f9-b2b6-cf7cff80c024">EntityExtractionSettings()</a></td>
<td>Constructor.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3385e3f-ddfe-7c01-1ef9-b1ec60eef5c9">EntityExtractionSettings(EntityExtractionSettings)</a></td>
<td>Constructor. Initializes this object with the values of another instance.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5defbc64-de6c-9acc-1bb8-cbbfc5bccfd6">CustomEntityDefinitions</a></td>
<td>Custom entity definitions. To use these custom item definitions they MUST be loaded using method OpenDiscoverSDK.ContentExtractorFactory.LoadCustomEntityDefinitions once in a process BEFORE starting any content extraction on process threads.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9129bb94-69a2-f49d-7759-d944fef5ba00">CustomEntityExtractionEnabled</a></td>
<td>If true, enables custom entity detection and extraction</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6fa065e6-64e6-a891-a496-a6ca9804221e">DeduplicateEntityItems</a></td>
<td>If enabled (true) then duplicate entity items are not included in results. See remarks.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b211298-3c67-3276-3000-5b4f9ded81d6">Enabled</a></td>
<td>If true, entity extraction is enabled. If false, no entity extraction is performed in extracted text nor metadata.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c82834c6-aa83-56dc-d541-b0848ab1c227">EnableEmojiEntityDetection</a></td>
<td>If enabled (true) then emoji entity items will be detected (default value is true). If false, emoji entities will not be detected and returned in results.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95564927-4975-7e82-fbe7-465601eec965">EnableExtractedEntityTypeFilter</a></td>
<td>If enabled, true, the SDK will filter-out entity types (<a href="2caef568-f7bd-69fc-89c4-aa0d3e2c497b">EntityType</a>) in the <a href="df171504-4e56-94e0-248a-15a2978f734c">Items</a> property that are NOT in the <a href="17f19cef-55c2-c3a2-fa5f-e6a9e8654ce5">ExtractedEntityTypeFilter</a> hash set. If false, then <a href="df171504-4e56-94e0-248a-15a2978f734c">Items</a> property is not filtered by <a href="2caef568-f7bd-69fc-89c4-aa0d3e2c497b">EntityType</a>.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1ea5ea7-773c-9a7a-f314-c03458e089ef">EnablePersonNameFinder</a></td>
<td>If enabled the SDK will attempt to find person names without context. If enabled, this will lead to some degradation in document processing speed performance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85a15b61-502b-9b90-9cae-8d5ab3104524">EnablePersonNameFinderInBinaryToText</a></td>
<td>If enabled the SDK will attempt to find person names in binary-to-text filtered documents. Binary-to-text filtered files have lots of "noise", enabling this feature may lead to lots of false postives.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27c29e60-91c5-b3c6-da44-60c288b3010c">EnableRelaxedCreditCardDetectionMode</a></td>
<td>If enabled, less stringent rules are used to find credit card number entities, i.e., the Luhn check is not used to verify the card number checksum (default value is true). This will lead to more false positives but improve entity detection as some card numbers no longer use the Luhn check.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4a87b60-9eca-dab5-46ed-9772b16646a3">EnableRelaxedStructuredDataMode</a></td>
<td>If enabled, less stringent rules are used to find column based entities in structured tabular formats such as spreadsheets and database files (default value is true). This will lead to more false positives but improve entity detection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17f19cef-55c2-c3a2-fa5f-e6a9e8654ce5">ExtractedEntityTypeFilter</a></td>
<td>If <a href="95564927-4975-7e82-fbe7-465601eec965">EnableExtractedEntityTypeFilter</a> is true, only entity types (<a href="2caef568-f7bd-69fc-89c4-aa0d3e2c497b">EntityType</a>) in this property HashSet are extracted and returned by <a href="df171504-4e56-94e0-248a-15a2978f734c">Items</a> property. If <a href="95564927-4975-7e82-fbe7-465601eec965">EnableExtractedEntityTypeFilter</a> is false, then this property is ignored.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="426e0aba-3c94-7f71-597c-2ec5efa7782b">OpenDiscoverSDK.Interfaces.Settings.TextAnalytics Namespace</a>  
