# Create Method



Creates a document data archive (.dda) file using a supplied <a href="15834f2e-5778-5912-a2cc-a92e9d2e78fb">DocumentTaskSettings</a> object that defines the processing collection (<a href="f30dc13a-84bb-8d14-d411-e3b2bf578662">CollectionId</a>), the collection's associated task (<a href="b0100621-8ab8-77b5-f320-c4787c9b5061">TaskId</a>), and the document data to store (<a href="b68ae6b1-5941-ef7e-5054-9537863e0856">Documents</a>). The <a href="b68ae6b1-5941-ef7e-5054-9537863e0856">Documents</a> list must be a flat list of documents to save that have no child documents (i.e., <a href="a1bf6deb-7e1f-a4c6-096b-688de9570059">ChildDocuments</a>.Count is 0 for each document).




## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="8fac0511-5eca-a179-d28a-c0a07e46597f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Archive</a>  
**Assembly:** OpenDiscoverSDK (in OpenDiscoverSDK.dll) Version: 2025.4.4.0 (2025.4.4)

**C#**
``` C#
public static void Create(
	Stream stream,
	DocumentTaskSettings taskSettings,
	string archiveDDAPath
)
```



#### Parameters
<dl><dt>  Stream</dt><dd>An newly created stream to write the document data archive (.dda).</dd><dt>  <a href="15834f2e-5778-5912-a2cc-a92e9d2e78fb">DocumentTaskSettings</a></dt><dd>A <a href="15834f2e-5778-5912-a2cc-a92e9d2e78fb">DocumentTaskSettings</a> instance that defines the <a href="f30dc13a-84bb-8d14-d411-e3b2bf578662">CollectionId</a>, associated collection <a href="b0100621-8ab8-77b5-f320-c4787c9b5061">TaskId</a>, and the <a href="b68ae6b1-5941-ef7e-5054-9537863e0856">Documents</a> to store.</dd><dt>  String</dt><dd>Full path to the .dda file without file name, this argument is only used by the <a href="944e9655-8e1e-61c6-8328-f2324b8380da">DocumentDataArchiveCreator</a> class and is used to create relative paths from location of .dda file to the location of the text/attachment flat file or data archive locations.</dd></dl>

## Remarks

NOTE: The file and extracted text associated with each document in <a href="b68ae6b1-5941-ef7e-5054-9537863e0856">Documents</a> MUST be flat files on disk and <a href="f3eb3aaf-f58f-1f77-3421-fee03037ce04">TextFilePath</a> and <a href="da522ff9-84be-81b4-4898-37e38973e1d6">FilePath</a> (file path to attachment) must be set for each.

This class is not used by the Open Discover <a href="55591a84-1c9a-5c6d-eefe-62a2134d5370">DocumentTaskEngine</a> class but is provided as a convenience class for users to create their own document data archive (.dda) files. Users can use the .dda files in custom document processing workflows to stage a document task that will be processed later by a DocumentTaskEngine instance as a subsequent task.

The use case for a user created document data archive (.dda) is to offer an alternative to using a database/document store table as a document data staging point for the next task in a sequence of document processing workflow tasks that needs to operate on these documents.


## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="944e9655-8e1e-61c6-8328-f2324b8380da">DocumentDataArchiveCreator Class</a>  
<a href="8fac0511-5eca-a179-d28a-c0a07e46597f">OpenDiscoverSDK.Platform.Archive Namespace</a>  
